Looking for a Sr. Business Analyst with 10+ years of experience for a Contract Consultant opportunity. Reporting directly to the COO, this role will be responsible for supporting projects for our clients global IT team to help the organization become more efficient while providing increasing levels of support for the business operations. The Sr. Business Analyst collaborates with the Finance, business and IT teams to analyze root causes, improve processes, define problems, develop business requirements, as-is and to-be process documentation and success metrics. Additionally, the BA coordinates end to end UAT business cycles from planning/strategy through to execution and retrospectives.

Responsibilities:
Perform root cause and business process analysis, document business requirements, including business value and stakeholder alignment, as-is and to-be process documentation
Applies analytical thinking skills to diagnose and make recommendations on systems. Incorporates knowledge of business and technology to make recommendations.
Translates data gathered from user discussions into business requirements. Identifies business/system needs and recommends solutions. Assists with the testing strategies and develops preliminary findings.
Participate in prioritization process for systems implementation planning cycles
Liaise regularly with IT Product Owners, BSAs, global business process owners and other organizations to drive process and system solutions
Plan and lead UAT business cycles, including creation of coverage matrices, test script documentation, test execution logistics, tracking and reporting
Manage the delivery of multiple projects concurrently that have moderate to high levels of business or technical complexity and risk
Respond to problems, prioritize correctly, systematically gather information, seek input from others, develop accurate conclusions from findings, and make timely decisions to prioritize and adapt to change
Support Project Lead to drive the overall program plans, resolve ad hoc action items and ensure the smooth delivery of the business solution and all deliverables
Determines approach and solution to problem when issue is within scope of own ability. Conducts training.
Work is performed and technical decisions are made with a high degree of independence and performance is judged by results obtained.
Works effectively with a team/group to accomplish organizational goals. Actively participates in client or team meetings by offering suggestions. Provides leadership to project planning.
Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree (BA or BS) in Computer Science, Engineering, Business Management or Information Management
10-12 years experience with increasing scope of responsibility - in IT and business/industry work
Enterprise Applications: 8 years
Experience in a Business System Analyst role
Excellent interpersonal skills and well-developed verbal and written communication skills.
Must exhibit exceptional teamwork skills.
Excellent judgment and ability to prioritize resource allocation where they will be most useful
Proven experience implementing and project managing enterprise-level business applications
Proven change management experience and effectively prepared users for technical roll-out and implementation
Responsive and comfortable working in a fast-paced, high accountability environment
Outcome focused; able to understand current and changing organizational requirements and provide effective solutions
Ability to communicate technical concepts and break down complex business problems into easily understood communications
General accounting, finance and budgetary experience
Great judgement and decisiveness when dealing with timely, deadline-driven, content-related issues and concerns
