Position:Business Intelligence Developer

Reports To: Director, Analytics

Riskonnect is the leading integrated risk management software solution provider that empowers organizations to anticipate, manage and respond in real-time to strategic and operational risks across the extended enterprise. Riskonnect is the only provider ranked in the leadership and visionary quadrants by world renowned industry analysts - Gartner, Forrester and Advisen RMIS Review. We employ more than 500 risk professionals in the Americas, EMEA and Asia Pacific and serve over 900 customers across 6 continents. The combination of innovative risk technology, a customer success mindset, and employee-first belief makes Riskonnect a sought after place to work.

The Opportunity:

Riskonnect, Inc. is seeking a candidate for the position of Analytics Engineer in our Kennesaw, GA office. We are looking for an individual who has experience recognizing business problems with the ability to recommend and develop solutions as apart of our Analytics Team. Riskonnect is the provider of a premier, enterprise-class technology platform for the risk management industry. If you enjoy an unstructured, fast-paced environment where the only limit to your growth is your own capabilities, then apply for the position today.

Key Responsibilities:

● Provide analytics expertise, direction, and guidance to Client business users to enable robust analytics capabilities and solutions.

● Translate business needs to technical specifications

● Meet with customers to uncover business needs and fine tune requirements

● Develop Domo and Cognos reports per client specifications, utilizing creative solutions.

● Identify and resolve performance issues

● Troubleshoot reporting errors as well as data discrepancies

Requirements:

● Strong background in data warehouse and business intelligence application development and demonstrated aptitude for learning new technologies.

● 3+ years of Data Analytics and experience utilizing Business Intelligence tools (i.e. Cognos, Domo, etc), preferably in RMIS

● Proficiency in SQL and relational databases

● Proficiency with Magic ETL, MySQL, data connectors, data transformations, dataflows, join syntax, aggregation methods and data types

● Experience working with Salesforce.com or other CRM

● Proficiency in Google Docs/Google Drive

● Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment

● Ability to communicate technical material in a non-technical manner

● Ability to work with little direction and on teams with people in multiple locations

● Impeccable attention to detail and a passion for processes and documentation

● Bachelor’s degree in related field

● Excellent written and verbal communication skills
