Business Analyst 1 - Omni Channel Foundation

This job posting is no longer active.

Location: Plano, TX, United States -

Job ID: 1084914

Corporate Positions

Technology

Job Type: Full-Time

Date Updated: Sep 9, 2019

Business Analyst 1 - Omni Channel Foundation

J.C. Penney Company, Inc.

Plano, Texas

The Business Analyst 1 will report to Senior Manager - Omnichannel Foundation Marketing, and will be part of the team that is responsible for building and configuring software solutions supporting strategic CRM and Customer Data platforms

Primary Responsibilities:
Analyst role in one or many small to medium sized projects for use case creation, scope management, stakeholder analysis, requirement gathering, process improvement, service management and/or test case creation.
Understanding core business/domain/process capabilities, functions, services and applications for the assigned portfolio/domain.
Ensuring technical solutions match functional and non-functional requirements throughout the project lifecycle.
Serving as a liaison between the various stakeholders and the IT teams for which requirements flow. Effectively work with vendor(s) when necessary to integrate vendor and JCPenney requirements.
Leading medium projects/efforts with moderate scope and complexity and involves collaboration with cross-functional teams
Partnering with other IT and business teams to deliver end to end technology solutions for JC Penney. The team provides IT solutions to multiple business clients, primarily from CRM and Customer Data Integration(CDI) teams.
Understand and own the business requirements and functionality of the CRM and CDI applications along with understanding the general functionality of the integrating applications
Gather, analyze, evaluate, and challenge information obtained from multiple sources. Reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low level information to a more general understanding for both IT and business audience.
Serve as a liaison between the business customer, IT, vendors, integration, and testing teams to ensure deliverables are technically sound and meet customers' expectations. Conduct reviews of teams' deliverables for understanding, completeness, and accuracy. Work closely with Project management and Leader to ensure priorities are aligned.
Maintain awareness of business and technology changes that could impact the requirements and their final delivery in an application. Apply a broad knowledge of various business processes/functions, and technical expertise to accurately anticipate potential impacts. Participate in impact analysis sessions to determine impacts when application changes are made. Provide domain and subject matter expertise on data and metrics.
Core Competencies & Accomplishments:
3+ years of IT Business Analysis experience (large multi-channel retail company for direct experience in CRM and Customer domain preferred).
At least 2 years of sql experience
Self-motivated, creative and strong sense of accountability
Minimum of bachelor degree (preferably in MIS, Computer Science, or Business Administration)
Excellent communication skills (both written and spoken)
Extensive experience in Visio and Excel
Experience to translate high-level business requirements into functional specifications in addition to managing changes to the specifications.
Own multiple project related work efforts (business requirements, functional requirements, best practice, process definition etc.) along with other Marketing, CRM and Loyalty departmental tasks. Must be able to switch from one project to another seamlessly.
Experience owning BA responsibilities (as described above) for the full software development lifecycle (waterfall and iterative) for large multi-year projects and/or multiple overlapping shorter-term projects. Ability to manage multiple concurrent BA tasks along with other departmental tasks with minimal supervision.
Experience with vendor software implementation and integration projects.
Facilitation of business requirements gathering and definition in various formats including joint collaboration sessions with business and IT, targeted Q&A sessions with multiple Subject Mater Experts, and one-on-one user interviews.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Able to connect with business SMEs, end users, IT partners, and 3rd party software vendors. Able to effectively convey critical information to various levels within the organization.
Effectiveness in sharing knowledge across the organization, driving best practices, and coaching junior team members.
Experience with database modelling is a plus
Experience in CRM, IBM MDM and Customer data projects is a plus
What you get:

Our corporate office, located within the exciting new development of Legacy West in Plano, Texas, supports JCPenney stores and supply chain facilities nationwide. We offer a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision, term life insurance, paid vacation/holidays, 401(k) Savings Plan with company match, and an associate discount on JCPenney merchandise. On-site campus amenities include health clinic, pharmacy, daycare and preschool, full cafeteria service, a 24-hour fitness center and free garage parking.

About JCPenney:

At JCPenney, we share a passion for serving customers, supporting our communities and being the best retailer for all families. As a company founded on the Golden Rule, our success is rooted in the belief that we treat everyone the way we would want to be treated. At every touchpoint, customers discover stylish merchandise at incredible value from an extensive portfolio of private, exclusive and national brands. Reinforcing this shopping experience is the customer service and warrior spirit of approximately 98,000 associates across the globe, all driving toward the Company's mission to help customers find what they love for less time, money and effort.

Working at JCPenney means joining a dedicated team of associates who are encouraged to be uniquely themselves in a safe, caring and welcoming environment. It is a place where careers prosper, accomplishments are celebrated and diversity flourishes. It's a place that's meant for you.

For more opportunities to join our team please visit our careers page.

Follow us and see what's new: Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Media Room jcp.com

#LI-VR1

Job Title: Business Analyst 1 - Omni Channel Foundation

Location: Plano, TX, United States -

Job ID: 1084914

J.C. Penney Company Inc.

Plano, Texas
