Read what people are saying about working here. 

About Us

VideoAmp’s mission is to bridge the gap between television and digital advertising with campaign measurement, planning and audience-targeting solutions that dramatically improve the performance and cost-efficiency of advertising investment. Our engineers, data scientists, designers and media strategists are inspired by tackling one of the most challenging problems in media and marketing — bridging the divide between TV and digital media.

Responsibilities

As a member of our Data Science team, you will be a fundamental force in shaping our company’s data strategy innovating the $85B digital and linear television advertising market. Your work will have an outsized impact on tools we’re building forecasting, planning, allocation, and audience behavior prediction.

Technology We Use

Python, Julia, SQL, Hadoop, Hive, and Apache Spark.

Required Skills

PhD in Data Science, Physics, Mathematics or other scientific field

Experience building data models, and managing ML pipelines with tools such as Python, Julia, and Apache Spark

SQL fluency and an understanding of relational data models.

Comfortable in the Linux environment.

A master of all trades mentality and an ability to embrace new challenges regularly.

Eager and energized to work with some of the latest open source technologies.

Authorized to work in the US

Able to work on-site in Santa Monica

Responsibilities

Working with Pb-scale data sets representing the total US video and TV audiences.

Building new, and scaling out existing models in support of audience segmenting.

Working with the data-engineering team to productionize ML pipelines

Coordinating data models with other engineering teams

Bonus Points

Experience with time series analysis, eg: LSTMs, ARIMA, Etc...

Working with large Spark applications

Domain experience with digital and/or linear tv advertising

Perks

Top compensation

Comprehensive health benefits

Meaningful equity

401k

Unlimited vacation with a stipend for travel and accommodations of $2000/year

Unlimited in-office gym use with personal trainer

Childcare stipend

Plenty of snacks and beverages plus dinner every day

Corporate support for Hackathons, lunch and learns, and attending conferences

Personal and professional development

VideoAmp is a rapidly growing start-up in the video & TV advertising space. We are the marketplace that enables advertisers and content owners to transact on a new cross screen currency. Our vision is to build the most comprehensive video and advanced TV advertising platform available and we’re quickly on our way to achieving that.

The ideal candidate's best qualities are attention to detail and accountability. They need little coaching and excel in self-motivated environments. This is a place for people who want to make a large impact, who have an entrepreneurial spirit, and who are dedicated to personal and professional growth.

 VideoAmp builds technology for cross-screen marketing. For the first time, advertisers are able to identify what devices their target aud...
