Looking for your next opportunity? If so, choose Parkland and discover what a meaningful job feels like. Whether you work directly with patients or use your talent to support our care, you’ll be part of a team that’s providing valuable health services to Dallas County residents. And here, you’ll have the opportunity to put all your skills to work, and the support to grow and advance in your job and your field. Step into a career that will make a substantial difference for our patients—and for you. We blend cultures, talents, and experience into an exemplary health and hospital system. Parkland has earned distinction as one of America’s Best Hospitals by U.S News and World Report every year since 1994.

Primary Purpose

The Parkland Community Health Plan (PCHP) Senior Business Analyst is responsible for transforming data from multiple sources into information and insights that can be used in PCHP's decision-making process. Collaborates with stakeholders in various business units to identify and document requirements to create accurate and timely scheduled and ad-hoc reports and dashboards regarding financial, utilization and clinical quality measures. Locates and defines new process improvement opportunities.

Minimum Specifications

Education:
Bachelor Degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Finance, or related discipline is preferred.
Experience:
Five years of healthcare reporting/analytics work experience.
Five years of experience in writing SQL queries to extract data from multiple sources.
Five years of experience creating detailed reports for internal and external stakeholders.
Experience with Visualization Tools and Dashboard Development (e.g. SAP, Tableau, Qlik) is preferred.
Experience with SAP Reporting Tools (HANA, Digital Boardroom, WebI) is preferred.
Experience at a managed care organization is preferred.
Equivalent Education and/or Experience:
May have an equivalent combination of education and experience to substitute for both the education and the experience requirements.
Skills or Special Abilities:
Skilled in interpreting, analyzing, and providing recommendations regarding data accuracy and data collection needs and processes.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Advanced proficiency with writing queries in Structured Query Language (SQL).
Experience with ETL frameworks and SFTP tools.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint is preferred. Microsoft Access is a plus.
Inclination for problem solving.
Demonstrated ability to plan and manage multiple processes and projects simultaneously.
Demonstrated ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team.
Demonstrated ability to work with internal and external stakeholders to gather requirements and to continuously improve data collection and reporting processes.
Responsibilities:
Develops and runs SQL queries and uses other data tools to extract data from multiple source systems for regularly scheduled and ad-hoc regulatory and internal reporting.
Develops automated self-service reporting for stakeholders.
Interprets data and analyzes results using statistical techniques.
Employs strict quality assurance processes to ensure that high quality data and reports are delivered to stakeholders.
Collaborates with stakeholders across business units to develop requirements and documentation.
Creates and maintains report documentation, templates, and code.
Manages data interfaces with third party vendors.
Collaborates with Parkland IT/Analytics resources on the data warehouse environment.
Job Accountabilities:
Identifies ways to improve work processes and improve customer satisfaction. Makes recommendations to supervisor, implements, and monitors results as appropriate in support of the overall goals of PCHP.
Stays abreast of the latest developments, advancements, and trends in the field by attending seminars/workshops, reading professional journals, actively participating in professional organizations, and/or maintaining certification or licensure. Integrates knowledge gained into current work practices.
Maintains knowledge of applicable rules, regulations, policies, laws and guidelines that impact the area. Develops effective internal controls designed to promote adherence with applicable laws, accreditation agency requirements, and customer requirements. Seeks advice and guidance as needed to ensure proper understanding.
Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.
