Overview


At Texas Capital Bank, we are driven by a single-minded and unwavering mission: to serve business and the individuals who run them. We use a consultative approach and innovative technologies to develop new ideas that give the bank and our clients a competitive advantage. We partner with our customers to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together.

Headquartered in Dallas, Texas Capital Bank has offices in Austin, Fort Worth, Houston, Richardson, Plano and San Antonio, and we serve clients in a variety of industries from coast-to-coast.

We are on the Forbes Best Banks in America list, and were named a top place to work by The Dallas Morning News, Houston Chronicle and San Antonio Express-News. For further information, please visit us at www.texascapitalbank.com.

The FCC team is responsible for identifying, investigating and monitoring relationships that pose a money laundering or terrorist financing risk in support of all legal and regulatory requirements relating to anti-money laundering (AML) and counter terrorism financing. As part of the FCC’s technology team, you will be responsible for developing and enhancing models while creating reports and performing ongoing analysis to support FCC’s transaction monitoring, customer due diligence and sanction screening programs. An ideal candidate will have quantitative or technical background with modeling experience, and an ability to communicate and collaborate well with FCC teams, and our partners in other business units, to effectively execute tasks.

Responsibilities
Develop and tune models for transaction monitoring, sanctions filtering, and customer risk rating.
Complete pre-implementation requirements including model methodology documentation and impact analysis per FCC’s model governance documentation.
Create effective management reporting and support ad hoc analytics requests relating to transaction monitoring, sanctions filtering and customer risk rating systems
Use data analytics, machine learning, and/or process automation to improve the efficiency and/or effectiveness of FCC’s transaction monitoring system.
Develop dashboards to enhance analysis and reporting related to workload, system performance, and tuning/validation processes.
Multi-task across several ongoing projects and daily duties of varying priorities as required
Ability to make good judgments, decisions, negotiate and problem solve
Ensures standards and best practices used in development are followed and maintained
Qualifications
2+ years of experience in analytical field
2+ years of experience in SQL
Experience with Tableau
Development experience in a scripting language e.g. Python, Perl, etc.
Experience using statistical tools (e.g. R, SAS)
Knowledge of quantitative research and data science techniques
Strong data interpretation, data visualization and presentation skills required
Strong verbal and written communication skills required
Strong problem solving and analytical skills required
Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize tasks with little supervision
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment with good interpersonal skills
Proactive with a positive attitude
Degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, Data Science, Economics or other technical field preferred
Previous Actimize model development and tuning experience preferred
Previous Banking/ Financial Services experience preferred
