Who is NTE Mobility Partners and LBJ Infrastructure Group?
The North Tarrant Express was the first design-build-finance-operate-maintain managed lanes project in Texas and consisted of the complete reconstruction of 13.3 miles of the existing I-820/SH-183 corridor between Dallas and Fort Worth. Since opening in October 2014, nine months ahead of the contracted completion date, the general highway lanes are experiencing a 70% decrease in congestion time and a 15% increase in average speed. With an Average Annual Daily Traffic (AADT) of 200,000, this Cintra-led project has doubled capacity and significantly improved mobility along this heavily congested corridor that traverses the heart of six cities through Northeast Tarrant County.

The LBJ Express is currently the largest P3 operation in Texas and one of the largest ever undertaken in the U.S. With an Average Annual Daily Traffic (AADT) of 270,000, it is a regionally-significant transportation improvement project in North Texas that is relieving severe congestion in the dense urban area of north Dallas. In 2009, the Cintra-led consortium was selected to complete the design, construction, finance, operation, and maintenance of the project along I-635 and I-35E. Since opening in September 2015, approximately three months ahead of schedule, the general highway lanes are realizing a 60% decrease in congestion time and a 10% increase in average speed.

What makes us different?
Our people come first. We want every single employee to develop both professionally and personally. With a strong focus on growth potential, we look to our internal employees as potential candidates for both national and international opportunities. We aim to achieve greatness by promotingfrom within every chance we get. We work hard and play hard and strive every day for success and achievement. With a diverse group of professionals working in a fast-paced environment, we achieve milestones constantly. And if that weren’t enough, we also offer our employees highly competitive insurance benefits, Paid Time Off, and a matching 401(k) program.

Your next calling:
As the Field Systems Analyst, you will have the opportunity to assist in monitoring and supporting day to day operations of the Toll Collection System (TCS) and Advanced Traffic Management System (ATMS) by ensuring timely and accurate processing of toll transactions and gathering of accurate traffic data. Participate in the implementation and testing of systems, tracking results, recording and escalating system performance issues.

Functions key to success:
Monitor and report on the accurate and timely collection of traffic data including: transaction generation at the roadside, timely data transmission, and data validation
Track and analyze TCS and ATMS performance
Assist Field Systems Technical team in troubleshooting system issues
Responsible for evaluating, analyzing, and reconciling information from multiple systems and stakeholders
Coordinate and collaborate with the Field Systems Manager on the integration of the Central Toll System with the deployment of the roadside components, while ensuring its logic, functional and technical alignment, and schedule alignment
Coordinate and collaborate with the Field Systems Architect Manager on Network Communications Systems (NCS) components performance, network analysis, and systems checks.
Act as a conduit between the system maintenance technical team and central systems operational teams; including third party service providers as required
Actively participate in integration test execution and user acceptance test execution when applicable
Investigate exceptions and prepare briefings to management on issues, impacts, and proposed resolutions
Ensure clear communication of system issues, workarounds, and resolution
Identification of potential exceptions, especially those which may result in customer facing issues. These exceptions may be identified via:
Analysis of system data and trends
Discussions with external service providers
Responsible for ITS Field Systems data visualization development and data maintenance
Responsible for daily, weekly, monthly, and annual field systems reporting and analysis.
What you bring to the table:
You have worked hard to achieve success in your educational career, now put it to use. If you have an Bachelor’s degree in business, information technology, computer science or relevant you are half way there with the needed abilities for this position. Do you have at least 0 to 3 yearsof experience in the field of field of data analysis, toll industry background or another transaction processing environment? If the answer is yes, you can check off another box.

With success comes a high level of professionalism. We already know you possess the following qualities, but we just wanted to remind you of what is important to NTE and LBJ:
Excellent attention to detail
Excellent communication skills
Reporting and documentation skills
Effectively manage tasks
Ability to interact with colleagues in a self-managed team structure
Must be able to multitask, problem solve, and implement innovative processes within a fast-paced environment while ensuring accuracy in work product; strong focus on being detail oriented is a must.
Finally, in a technology-drivenworld, it is important to know your way around a computer. For this role, it will be important to know the basics of the following:
Must be able to demonstrate computer proficiency, especially as to Microsoft Excel, Word and Power Point and other PC based programs
Working knowledge of Microsoft Project and Visio
Working knowledge of data visualization and accompanying toolset i.e. Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, or Qlik
Working knowledge of Oracle SQL developer
Our working environment:
NTE and LBJ wants to ensure that all employees are comfortable and able to work in the type of culture and environment we have built our business on. Our office is typically quiet with low noise levels; however, you will often hear employees laughing and talking amongst themselves. Effective communication will be key for this role and will require you to talk and hear others. You will probably spend a majority of your time sitting and/or walking around the office, whether to visit a co-worker or make it to a meeting on time and there may be occasional long hours to put in if you are diligently working to complete a project and finish a report. Specific vision abilities required by this job include ability to adjust focus, as necessary to use a computer. There could be a time when you may need to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, but not very often. Finally, minimal travelwill be required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
