Description

The Application Analyst II - Human Resources provides support for assigned Human Resource systems with an advanced understanding of Infor and its related third party business applications which include functionality, system design, technical architecture, testing, workflow, modification, routine and non-routine processing, and business system structure. The Application Analyst II is responsible for advancing the functionality and operational efficiency of the use of Infor CloudSuite. This entails advising and assisting customers in the operation and administration of their system; collaborating with internal customers to enhance their work methodologies and tools; and maintaining a customer-centric technical knowledge and focus when contributing to the analysis, design, development, testing, documentation and implementation activities including recurring Customer Updates of the Infor CloudSuite software.

The Application Analyst II must possess sufficient detailed expertise to support multiple applications, preferably with functional expertise in payroll, timekeeping, or other HRIS systems.Primary areas of focus will be payroll, timekeeping, talent acquisition, and human resources modules. The Application Analyst II provides response and resolution to application problems and requests for change to Infor. This position works in a collaborative team setting, creating and sharing information and assisting team members while providing quality support with a focus on customer service and timeliness. The Application Analyst II must possess detailed human resources knowledge and systems expertise to implement medium to high complexity assignments with minimal guidance.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop and document product definitions, stakeholder needs, product features, and corresponding functional specifications.
Solid understanding of Human Resource management functions
Collaborate and build proactive, positive relations with peers, managers, and cross-functional teams to ensure that consistency within defined processes is maintained; help determine best practices; and work efficiently.
Assist in installation, configuration, administration, and maintenance of the ERP.
Ability to work with aggressive timelines in a team environment with a desire to learn and grow.
Proactively review, test, and communicate significant system updates ensuring system integrity is maintained.
Document issues and resolutions for future reference; help create and maintain FAQ.
Focus on providing a friendly, courteous, and polite customer service experience at all times. Contact vendors regarding service issues to receive support information or assistance as required. Assist users with optimizing the use of assigned applications Set priorities, plans and manages a diverse set of tasks.
Follow the outlined Service Management Processes during outage events.
Participate in after-hours support by rotating call schedule on a regular basis.
May be required to travel to perform some job functions.
Perform other duties and as requested.
Requirements
Bachelor's degree or 6 or more years of related experience in application analysis, or Human Resources
Possess an understanding of and/or experience in the following: payroll, timekeeping, talent acquisition, or human resources management
Relevant Bachelor degree may substitute for relevant years of experience.
