Summary:

Global Payments, Inc. is looking for an experienced Sr. Business Analyst to join the Enterprise Compliance team. The Enterprise Compliance team’s mission is to ensure Global Payments and our clients comply with payment industry rules, regulations, mandates, and laws which apply to credit card, debit card, and other forms of electronic payments. As a Sr. Business Analyst, you will work closely with product owners, developers, and analysts in cross-functional agile teams to create and deliver innovative payment products and services in a dynamic IT environment with a focus on debit payment processing.

Job Details:

Key Responsibilities
Serve as the subject matter expert in debit payment processing as it pertains to the payments industry and Global Payments’ systems
Drive and support projects for new Debit initiatives and enhancements that will improve Global Payments’ Debit product offering
Develop, maintain, and grow strategic partnerships with the card brands, debit networks, and other service providers
Translate strategic vision and objectives into project needs as technical requirements, scope definition, process maps, gap analyses, and business test cases
Ensure technical designs meet product objectives during initial implementation and ongoing production support
Collaborate with product management to translate payment processing requirements into prioritized features for the program backlog
Decompose capabilities/features into prioritized user stories and manage the team backlog
Participate in scrum ceremonies
Provide advisory services to all business units regarding existing regulations, regulatory requirements, new regulatory changes, and compliance risks for debit processing
Support new and existing merchant implementations/conversions as required
Interface with third-party vendors such as Card Brands, Debit networks, and Debit service providers to ensure business needs are met
Assist various operational teams with production issues related to application compliance, network rules, and third-party vendors (e.g. debit networks or other service providers)
Initiate and lead projects/initiatives as necessary to ensure Global Payments’ systems remain compliant with card brand and debit network specifications and operating rules
Train internal resources and external customers on new functionality and processes as required
Global Payments Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.

Global Payments provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis protected by law. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.
