Overview


At Texas Capital Bank, we are driven by a single-minded and unwavering mission: to serve business and the individuals who run them. We use a consultative approach and innovative technologies to develop new ideas that give the bank and our clients a competitive advantage. We partner with our customers to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together.

Headquartered in Dallas, Texas Capital Bank has offices in Austin, Fort Worth, Houston, Richardson, Plano and San Antonio, and we serve clients in a variety of industries from coast-to-coast.

We are on the Forbes Best Banks in America list, and were named a top place to work by The Dallas Morning News and San Antonio Express-News. For further information, please visit us at www.texascapitalbank.com.

Responsibilities
Develop, implement and maintain the bank’s operational risk management framework and supporting policies and procedures
Identify and assess significant operational risks, evaluate current and design desired control environment for operational risks across the bank. Assist leadership across the company to construct holistic risk profile that takes into consideration multiple operational risk drivers such as third parties, technology, data, security, business continuity, etc.
Assist in the development of risk appetite and tolerance levels, as well as business and product specific key risk indicators. Manage, analyze, report, and maintain all key risk indicators across the bank
Identify, track, reconcile, and maintain the bank’s internal operational financial losses from multiple data sources levels. Discuss and evaluate loss categorization and root cause with a complex network of stakeholders and individuals. Design and generate periodic and ad-hoc reporting providing summary views and/or deep dives from loss data.
Work directly in the bank’s risk software application for communication and documentation daily
Design and deliver educational, training or other materials to support desired organizational risk management culture
Support other risk management functions, committees, policy and governance framework
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting or Business
5-7 years of banking, preferably direct operational risk management experience related to RCSA, KRI, Internal / External Losses, Scenario Analysis, organizational Change Management, and/or program strategic design and execution
Experienced in risk management, bank operations and project management
Specific knowledge of risk management frameworks, corporate governance, process improvement, banking industry, or products and services
Superior analytical and problem-solving skills, advanced user of Microsoft Excel, Access products to effectively structure and manage large amounts of data and perform basic financial analysis aimed at risk identification. Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or PowerBI is a plus.
Ability to quickly understand end-to-end processes of complex business operations through multiple channels of information gathering, to identify risks, process gaps, and collaborate with stakeholders to problem-solve, and lead issue through full resolution.
Excellent interpersonal skills and a team player. Ability to develop and maintain productive working relationships across business, functions, and lines of defense. Understanding of financial analysis – able to work with financial statements / reports.
Demonstrated ability in communicating effectively, both verbally and written. Comfortable presenting and influencing senior business management using both verbal and written communications such as PowerPoint presentations and effective email language. Ability to explain complex concepts in simple language
Independent self-starter can work independently to produce quality work, and work in collaboration with others to perfect collective work products.
Well organized and detail oriented to handle diverse and concurrent assignments under specific and urgent timelines
