Business Management optimizes business performances by helping to drive key initiatives. We act as trusted advisors and counterweight to Business/Group Heads and are responsible for identifying, escalating, and mitigating business risks. The role of a business manager is dynamic and can vary from business to business, in line with the priorities of the different lines of business.

As an analyst in Business Management you would be expected to:
Provide a high level of responsiveness to executive ad-hoc requests related to project management, presentation development, and business analysis
Organize complex information in a strategic and compelling way, demonstrating strong design acumen and expertise in Excel and PowerPoint techniques. Create wireframes and mock-ups quickly and iteratively for management presentations, reports, and dashboards
Communicate effectively with key business partners to understand projects and drive next steps
Coordinate team activities and prepare materials for town halls, employee recognition, and strategy working sessions
Collect and maintain internal resources and documentation on collaboration sites, like SharePoint
Participate in collaborative initiatives with team members and global managers, looking for ways to continually simplify, improve, and add value to existing business processes
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Business, Finance, Economics, or other related area
Proven experience delivering timely, high quality presentations and/or reporting for various projects and stakeholders. Attention to detail is a must with continuous focus on design excellence
Excellent organization and project management skills
Ability to articulate and demonstrate thoughtful rationale in design decisions
Intermediate-level ability expected in all MS Office tools (Excel, PowerPoint, Pivot Tables)
Self-motivated, tenacious and able to work with high degree of independence
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Highly motivated self-starter with excellent time management/prioritization skills
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
