Purpose of Job
We are currently seeking a talented Business strategy Analyst Senior for the San Antonio Home Office II/III or Plano.

Uses quantitative and qualitative analysis to provide thought-leadership on evolving industry trends, market developments, USAAs strategic direction, regulatory environment, and macroeconomic trends for the business unit. Provides insights and information-based context for key stakeholders in the business unit to effectively manage, influence, and impact line of business strategy.
Job Requirements


Job Tasks:
Collaborates with key stakeholders to identify key business assumptions and hypotheses around line of business strategy. Continuously refines hypotheses and identifies business questions to explore further.
Develops the analytical framework and blueprint to answer business questions identified in the business portfolio, product, or member experience.
Collaborates with key stakeholders to evaluate and uncover strategic insights related to Profit & Loss performance including Product Strategy, Pricing, Marketing, Sales, Credit Risk, Distribution Channels, and Member Experience.
Applies analytical rigor to define outcome measures, improve prioritization, increase agility in decisioning, improve ability to evaluate progress towards business outcomes, and to evaluate risks to strategic goals.
Leverages advanced data-driven problem-solving techniques to manipulate and interpret business data. Translates findings into insights for strategy management and execution.
Communicates the significance of strategic insights to the senior leaders and other key stakeholders.
May provide guidance and on-the-job training to less experienced team members.
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelors Degree in Business, Science, Finance, Economics or related discipline OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
6 or more years of experience in data/analytics, strategy consulting, or related business experience, OR Master's Degree and 4 or more years of experience in data/analytics, strategy consulting, or related business experience.
Project management experience.
Experience with hypotheses-driven problem solving.
Experience bringing analytics to action using visualization tools (e.g. Tableau).
Experience influencing business decisions.
Experience performing complex data analysis.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferreds:
2 years of current or recent Risk Management/Risk Management Analytics experience.
2 years of current or recent Consumer Banking experience.
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement) or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 6/03/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
