PURPOSE AND SCOPE:

The Sr. Business Analyst develops, interprets and implements complex financial and/or accounting concepts for financial planning and control. The Sr. Business Analyst performs economic research and studies in areas of business analysis within the assigned function(s).

PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provide in-depth analysis and technical support to determine present and future financial performance.
Lead review(s) of submitted data for accuracy and integrity; addressing discrepancies and adverse trends as necessary.
Prepare presentations for review by management, board of directors, and diverse governing bodies by providing diverse financial data.
Provide an essential contribution to the development and implementation of policies and processes within assigned function(s).
May support management review of operations by performing cost-benefit analyses comparing diverse operating programs; reviewing financial requests and/or exploring alternative finance methods as necessary.
Mentor other staff as applicable.
Assist with various projects as assigned by a direct supervisor.
Other duties as assigned.
Additional responsibilities may include focus on one or more departments or locations. See applicable addendum for department or location specific functions.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
EDUCATION:
Bachelor’s Degree required; Advanced Degree desirable
EXPERIENCE AND REQUIRED SKILLS:
5 – 8 years’ related experience; or a Master’s degree with 3 years’ experience; or a PhD without experience.
Excellent computer skills with advanced proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, database, presentation and email applications.
Experience in business warehouse (BW) and financial systems preferred (e.g., SAP, etc.).
Detail oriented with strong analytical and organizational skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills to effectively communicate with all levels of management.
EO/AA Employer: Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Fresenius Medical Care North America maintains a drug-free workplace in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.
