NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Business Analyst - Data Protection to join our team in Louisville, Kentucky (US-KY), United States (US).

Business/Systems Analyst – Data Protection

Duties & Responsibilities:
Creates and drives strategies/initiatives for protecting production data protection that impacts multiple applications within one or more portfolios.
Elicit and document data masking requirements to support processes and workflows.
Develop data mappings to existing data sources.
Develop data requirements for new data sources.
Define new business data models.
Analytically addresses complex problems, processes critical data, establishes facts, and draws quality conclusions
Perform data validation testing for systems implementation projects to ensure the quality of project deliverables.
Assist with the planning and completion of data driven projects.
Perform data analysis and cleansing activities
Assist in the development and implementation of data management tools
Support Sr. Data Masking Specialist with analysis, documentation, and development of tools and procedures to support data governance and quality processes
Basic Qualifications:
BS in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related discipline
Minimum 5 years of experience as Business analyst
Experience supporting healthcare payer business processes and testing activities for enrollment, quote to card, claim processing and payment, etc.
Experience working on a Data masking project using any of the following tools: CA TDM, Informatica, Optim, or Delphix.
Experience presenting and communicating to Senior Level Leadership
Experience with Azure cloud and/or similar cloud environments.
Experience in DevOps (Software development and information technology operations)
Experience with SharePoint, Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, Visio and Outlook
Exposure to business requirements gathering tool (HP-ALM or Rally or Jira, etc.)
Experience working in environments consisting of local area networks (LAN), Unisys/IBM Mainframe data environments, Linux, Oracle and/or MS SQL Server RDBMS
Experience writing SQL or PL/SQL queries for various database
Experience creating subset plan and building subset queries for large databases
Nice to have
Experience working on a Protegrity implementation project
Graduate Degree in Computer Science or related discipline
Experience with qTest, Azure ADO, or Blueprint
Travel:

On-site position in Plano, TX OR Louisville, KY.

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.

INDAPPS

Nearest Major Market: Louisville
Job Segment:
Database, Consulting, Developer, Mainframe, Oracle, Technology
