Title: Database Analyst - I

Location: Richardson, TX

Duration: 12 Months Contract

Description:

Work assignments are broad and involve a wide variety of complex technical, and business issues. Projects require the application of advanced expertise in multiple areas of technical specialization and full technical knowledge of all phases of the system(s) to initiate and lead strategic efforts. Normally receives minimal instructions on recurrent work assignments and only general instructions on new or more complex assignments. Demonstrates extensive knowledge in job-related functional area and of the business and industry or technology. Bachelor's degree, or equivalent, and systems analysis experience. 1 to 5 years of experience.

JOB DUTIES:

The main focus will be Web Application development to support employees from Technicians through Vice Presidents. The secondary focus will be reports built in MS Office and G Suite based on the data collected from the web applications. Development will include but is not limited to web application design, database design, site authentication, data reporting. Must be able to work as part of a team and have good communications skills

Must have skills:

Programs

Visual Studio for Web 2+ years

MS Excel 2+ years

Data Connections

Pivot Tables

Macros

Google G Suite 2+ years

Data Connections

Pivot Tables

Macros

Languages

Java 2+ years

Visual Basic 2+ years

SQL 2+ years

HTML 2+ years

Desired Skills:

SQL Server and Management Studio 2+ years

Remote Desktop

Android Studio 2+ years

Languages

JavaScript 2+ years

C# 2+ years

ASP.net 2+ years

AJAX Tool Kit 2+ years

XML 2+ years

Education/Certifications:

B.S. Information technology or equivalent preferred

Experience with live, production applications is needed

Thank You,

Rohan Ghag
Recruitment Lead
Avacend, Inc.
3155 North Point Pkwy Bldg. G
Suite 130, Alpharetta GA 30005
Phone: 678-935-7308

Rohan.g@avacend.com

Required Skills

Only W2 Candidate No C2C

Required Experience

Job Location
Richardson, US-TX
