Job Description
Sr. Business Consultant - Telecom Exp: 13+ Years Location- Dallas High Level day-to-day responsibilities:

o Identifying, assessing and solving complex business problems for area of responsibility, where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

o Lead Solution discussions with customer and internal solution groups and HCL product partners to provide appropriate telecom solutions from leads.

o Analyze, interpret and translate clients' business needs into rigorous Business and System Solution documents for strategic business project solutioning.

o Manage and participate in the capture and definition of all stakeholder requirements and agreement on their prioritization o Designing new business processes based on customer requirements and conduct user review sessions and run stakeholder agreement meetings applying thought leadership in leading the transformation

o Driving enterprise business, application and integration architecture

o Helping solve key business problems and challenges by enabling an architecture transformation, painting a picture of, and charting a journey from the current state to a "to-be" enterprise environment

o Implementing programs/interventions that prepare the organization for implementation of new business processes Experience Required: Looking for candidates having either Industry or Consulting experience with Communications/telecommunication or Hi-Tech firms.

Following areas of expertise is expected:

Must be a SME within Telecom BSS & OSS domain with strong consultative solution selling experience

In depth understanding of fixed, mobile, IoT & convergence domains and related markets Strong telecom industry background experience and knowledge of BSS/OSS in B2C, B2B, B2B2X areas to be able to lead telecom Transformation project Business Systems (BSS)-

Strong Experience in Designing E2E BSS Solutions across Sales, Marketing, Finance, Product Management, Care areas for Tier-1 CSPs is must.

Hands-on experience in major telecom industry B/OSS COTS (Amdocs, Netcracker, Comarch, Ericsson etc.) is must. Must have mastering knowledge around TM Forum Standard, Processes Experience in 5G Network architecture, implementation or design, thorough understanding of core concepts like network slicing

In depth understanding of various CRM, Billing, Order Management and Product Catalogue COTs products Operations System (OSS):

Experience in infrastructure, understanding of network architectures and knowledge of new age technology like SDN (Software Defined Networking) & NFV (Network Function Virtualization), EPC, 5G In-Depth understanding of Intelligent Networks, NOC/SOC, self-organizing networks. AI/ RPA / Blockchain Exposure

Experience in Identifying/ implementing use cases of AI, RPA & Blockchain in Telecom industry The candidate should have practical industry expertise. Consultants should understand the key technology trends in their domain and the related business implications.
