Business Analyst, Advisory Services -
Performance Improvement (Finance Transformation) (Manager) (Multiple Positions),
Ernst & Young U.S. LLP, Dallas, TX.

Provide business advisory services to help clients improve business performance and operate efficiently. Advise clients on improving and transforming financial processes and reporting systems. Analyze data, document findings and prepare recommendations for the implementation of new financial systems, procedures, and organizational changes. Design outsourcing, off-shoring, and shared-service arrangements. Design and implement financial systems, and work with enterprise cost management systems. Assist clients with planning, budgeting, forecasting, performance measuring, and reporting services. Help clients reduce costs through consolidating finance functions across business units. Consistently deliver quality client services by monitoring progress. Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge.

Full time employment, Monday – Friday, 40 hours per week, 8:30 am – 5:30 pm.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelor's degree in Business, Operations, Finance, Accounting, Statistics, Economics, Management Information Systems (MIS) or a related field and 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate work experience in professional services/industry. Alternatively, will accept a Master's degree in Business, Operations, Finance, Accounting, Statistics, Economics, Management Information Systems (MIS) or related field and 4 years of work experience in professional services/industry.

Must have 3 years of experience in providing advisory/consulting/industry services related to finance function processes and other operational areas that impact the finance function, including a combination of at least five (5) of the following: Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) or Finance Systems Transformation, Business Performance Management, Shared Services/Outsourcing, Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A), Budgeting and Planning, Scheduling, Forecasting, Order to Cash, Procure to Pay, Ad Hoc Reporting, Consolidation, or the Close to Report process.

Must have 2 years of experience in two (2) of the following:
• Program management for large scale business transformation projects and programs;
• Developing new business with existing clients at the C' level of Fortune 500 companies;
• Leading a team of consulting professionals on multiple projects.

Requires travel up to 80%, of which 20% may be international to serve client needs.

Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, training or experience.

TO APPLY: Please apply on-line at ey.com/en_us/careers, and click on “Find jobs” (Job Number – DAL007GB).

EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.

This particular position at Ernst & Young in the United States requires the qualified candidate to be a "United States worker" as defined by the U.S. Department of Labor regulations at 20 CFR 656.3. You can review this definition at https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CFR-2011-title20-vol3/pdf/CFR-2011-title20-vol3-sec656-3.pdf at the bottom of page 750. Please feel free to apply to other positions that do not require you to be a "U.S. worker".
