Edmentum is committed to making it easier for educators to individualize learning for every student through simple technology, high-quality content, actionable data, and customer success. Founded in innovation, Edmentum’s powerful learning solutions blend technology with individual teaching approaches. We are dedicated to being educators' most trusted partner in creating successful student outcomes everywhere learning occurs. Our commitment is built off the emphasis we place on our core values: passion, people, respect, collaboration, and performance.

The Customer Support Technical Analyst is a self-starter able to work independently to obtain in-depth technical knowledge of Edmentum products and their application. This position requires an expert understanding of all Edmentum products, how they function and how they are implemented in a technical and integration environment. This position is responsible for technical pre- and post-sales support and service delivery for technical integrations. They will act as the primary technical resource interfacing with customers throughout the customers’ lifecycle with Edmentum and acts as one of the communication links between the customer and the company regarding technical issues to help ensure that customers receive effective service and support.

Here's what you'll do:
Develop, plan, and lead technical integration projects resulting in customers obtaining a ground-up technical integration
Liaison with Development and Product Management stakeholders to shape our technical integration roadmap
Develop Subject Matter Expertise on all Edmentum applications to be an expert resource for all employees
Develop meaningful customer relationships that result in increased sales and longer subscription terms
Provide advanced technical troubleshooting for customer issues
Identify and provide final solutions to customer trends and serve as an escalation point for strategic accounts
Manage and define technical knowledge needs
Identify departmental training needs within their area of specialty
Facilitate synchronous online learning for commonly asked support questions and seasonal processes required by our customers.
Keep technical skills current with advancing technology
Participate in ongoing proprietary product training and certification programs
Here's what you'll need:
Collaboration - Working effectively and cooperatively with others; establishing and maintaining good working relationships.
Building Customer Loyalty -Effectively meeting customer needs; building productive customer relationships; taking responsibility for customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Continuous Learning - Actively identifying new areas for learning; regularly creating and taking advantage of learning opportunities; using newly gained knowledge and skill on the job and learning through their
Communication - Clearly conveying information and ideas through a variety of media to individuals or groups in a manner that engages the audience and helps them understand and retain the message.
Follow-Up - Monitoring the results of delegations, assignments, or projects, considering the skills, knowledge, and experience of the assigned individual and the characteristics of the assignment or project.
Technical / Professional Knowledge and Skills - Having achieved a satisfactory level of technical and professional skill or knowledge in position-related areas; keeping up with current developments and trends in areas of expertise.
Work Standards -Setting high standards of performance for self and others; assuming responsibility and accountability for successfully completing assignments or tasks; self-imposing standards of excellence rather than having standards imposed.
Bachelor's degree from four-year College or University; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Sales and/or educator experience preferred.
5+ years of business/technical experience, including 2+ years of customer support in a call center or help desk role
Project management experience
Strong initiative and ability to self-manage
Ability to read and interpret policies, technical documentation, and reports. Ability to compile reports and correspondence with a high level of business acumen and tact. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.
Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully; develops alternative solutions; works well in group problem solving situations; uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics.
While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit for extended periods of time and talk or hear in noisy environments.
Effectively manages one's time and resources to ensure that work is completed efficiently.
Strong technical troubleshooting and critical thinking skills; Ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience
Excellent follow through, attention to detail and able to establish and adhere to a set deadline
Soft skills: ability to fill in the voids and gaps in conversation with appropriate small talk
Experience with change management process, proven ability to support multiple business systems and multi-tasking.
Ability to maintain customer focus in the midst of difficult circumstances
Excellent teamwork and customer service skills
Technical expertise in:
LMS and SIS integrations (LTI, API, SSO)
Windows desktop Operating Systems and Configuration
Web browser applications and configuration
Edmentum is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
