The customer supply chain analyst/demand planner is part of the customer relations team. We are an extremely close-knit team who prioritizes customer service and focuses on being the liaison to our customers. The team also manages all facets of inventory, ensuring product is in the right place, at the right time, and the right quantity. While maintaining day to day tasks, the analyst will also work on projects to identify opportunities for process improvements across the supply chain.

The analyst will:
Use historical data and promotional information to perform forecast analyses
Manage and plan inventory for Vendor Managed Inventory (VMI) accounts
Gather data and conduct analyses to improve supply chain initiatives
Act as a supply chain liaison between Daisy Brand and customer
Assist in developing and improving innovative supply chain processes and systems
Utilize ERP for order management and price synchronization
Provide leadership and resolution for Daisy Brand customers on various issues
Interact with multiple departments and adapt to a continuously changing landscape

Minimum Requirements/Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree
Minimum of 2 years’ experience related to demand planning, forecasting, supply chain, or purchasing
Strong analytical and organizational skills
High attention to detail
Project management, root cause analysis, and problem solving skills
Advanced Excel skills
Strong written and oral communication skills
Self-reliant person who enjoys working independently, but also a team player
Excellent interpersonal skills
Company Overview
For more than four generations (over 100 years), Daisy Brand has been a family-owned company committed to providing the freshest, most wholesome dairy products with over half a billion in revenues. The company is headquartered in Dallas, Texas with manufacturing plants in Garland, Texas (opened in 1998), Casa Grande, Arizona (opened in 2008), and Wooster, Ohio (opened in 2015).

Having grown to above a 50 share, Daisy Sour Cream is the Nation’s number one brand with distribution in all 50 states. Additionally, Daisy is the largest brand in food service, military, and club and is recognized by consumers for “A Dollop of Daisy”, a tagline that put this once small brand on the map.

Daisy’s core values are Clean and Trust, which are woven into everything we do. In 2008, the company was given the impressive American Business Ethics award, awarded by Foundation for Financial Service Professionals.

While maintaining a strong culture of curious and innovative problem-solvers, Daisy Brand tripled employment over the last 15 years. The future looks bright with the opening of its third facility to further strengthen the foundation for growth.

Daisy Brand offers an industry leading benefits package that includes:
A no-deductible, $0 premium option for employee-only health coverage.
401(k) with 50% company match on first 8% of earnings you contribute.
Safe harbor and profit sharing company contributions to 401(k).
Company paid short and long term disability coverage.
Company paid 2X annual salary life and AD&D insurance.
4 weeks annual paid time off.
Extra time off for volunteering.
Tuition reimbursement.
Fitness membership reimbursement.
And more…
Daisy Brand is a nicotine-free company. Daisy Brand is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Veterans and disabled encouraged to apply.
