Hi,

This is Mukesh from IT AMERICA Inc,ÂYour experience looks like a good fit for the position and I wanted to know if you would be interested in exploring this opportunity. Or you can reach me atÂ732-609-8354 or mukesh@itamerica.com

Job: SAP MM WM Business Analyst

Location: Mason, OH (Preferred); La Vergne, TN; Louisville, KY; Las Colinas, TX

Duration: 12+ Months

Â Works with the user community to identify their requirements, design enhancements and functionality to help meet user requirements

Â Serves as functional integration owner for area of expertise and performs configuration work as needed to support new and existing functionality

Â Prepares functionality specifications and delivers to developers

Â Works with the other IT teams, designers and enterprise architect to determine the best solution to help resolve customer problems and satisfy customer requirements

Â Collaborates with developers and the quality assurance team to develop and test significant new functionality

Â Performs integration testing work as necessary, to ensure that new functionality does not adversely affect existing functionality

Â Follows all design work and integration testing protocols, change control procedure, use standards, procedures and practices in performing required work, including documenting business process / procedures and updating as necessary per project

Â Analyst will work in a matrixed environment including with other technical service areas (EDI, EAI, XI, BI/BW, NW, etc.) and with external contractors and vendors

Â Needs very strong functional experience in SAP materials management module and good understanding of integration of MM with other SAP modules.

Â Strong analytical skills and ability to understand existing business processes.

Â Proven problem-solving skills â ability to assess a specific business scenario and develop an appropriate technical approach to support the desired business outcomes

Â Ability to solve complex technical problems

Â Ability to design technical solution that operates efficiently in high data volume scenarios.

Â Ability to work in a team environment

Â Superior collaboration and communication skills â ability to develop productive relationships with cross-functional stakeholders; lead without formal authority; guide developers to appropriate outcomes

Â 4+ yearsâ experience working with MM in an SAP environment

Â 4+ yearsâ experience in SAP MM configuration

Â 2 yearsâ experience in WM or EWM

Â 2+ yearsâ experience in a distribution environment

Â Configuration experience in multiple SAP modules is desirable.

Â Team lead / project management experience is a plus.

Â Experience in requirements gathering, which requires strong communication skills.

Â Experience in multiple full cycles of SAP enhancement and/or implementation from design thru go-live.

Â Comfortable with complex interface environment

Â

Â

Â

mukesh@itamerica.com

351

www.itamerica.com

This email has been sent by or on behalf of an attorney. All information provided is without any guarantees to its accuracy. The information contained in this message is confidential and is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above and is considered attorney-client privileged. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Any unauthorized dissemination or use of this email is prohibited under the laws of the United States of America. If you have received this communication in error, please delete it immediately and notify this office by telephone at (732) 985-5100.
