The Procurement Analysts (PA) will be support the Strategic Sourcing Directors and Category Execution Managers in the execution of supply category sourcing and procurement activities. Specifically, with direction, the PA will be responsible for conducting spend analytics, supporting commodity price volatility analysis and forecasting, and conducting supply market research for market dynamics, changes in supply base, and other trends in cost drivers. The PA will also support the Procurement Finance team, as needed, for the financial tracking and measurement of Non-Dairy Procurement efforts. The PA will also support special projects across the department and drive research into emerging technologies affecting the procurement landscape, in general.

Key Responsibilities:
With direction, develop and maintain overall spend cube for Non-Dairy Procurement in-scope spend, with item-level breakdown views by category/commodity, supplier, buying organization (i.e., DFA Dairy Brands location or function). Integrate with formal IT system data.
Develop and maintain category spend databases to support Strategic Sourcing Directors, conduct relevant spend analytics to support overall category sourcing activities - including building internal demand/usage profiles, development of RFx pricing models, supplier bid analyses, and award decisions - as well as other ad-hoc requests.
Under guidance, conduct price volatility analysis and price forecasting activities for major commodity groups, to facilitate improved sourcing/buying decisions and in support of DFA Dairy Brands' Risk Management Oversight Committee.
Support the collection and management of spend and payment data from various IT systems and databases - including Coupa - and manage the development and regular improvement of a spend taxonomy for Deans.
Identify and leverage sources of research for the underlying supply markets of the goods/services DFA Dairy Brands buys, to improve spend management and support sourcing strategies.
Work closely with Procurement Finance to ensure procurement savings are measured and tracked appropriately
Research emerging technologies (e.g., blockchain) and other trends that Non-Dairy Procurement may adopt to increase our capabilities as an organization
Support other ad-hoc requests from Procurement leadership to advance objectives of the department
Build strong value-adding relationships with field and corporate personnel, cross-functional organizations and teams, and suppliers. Contribute to creating "pull" from the organization for Procurement.
Adopt new standards and best practices that elevate DFA Dairy Brands' procurement capabilities and effectiveness
Embrace and exemplify DFA Dairy Brands Guiding Principles
Minimum Requirements:
High school graduate or equivalent required
Bachelor's degree preferred in business, or related field
2 years experience
Food/Beverage industry experience and/or experience in or knowledge of supply markets for agricultural, oil-derivative commodities, or indirect materials/services preferred
High degree of analytical and quantitative skills; proficiency in common data analytics tools, including advanced Excel and Access, with advanced modeling skills preferred
Organized, structured working style; ability to multi* task effectively
Strong interpersonal skills, ability to collaborate with and contribute in a team environment
Excellent written and oral communication skills, poised and articulate
Demonstrated track record of success
Dean Foods considers marijuana (including medical marijuana) to be an illegal drug. Dean Foods will rescind offers of employment to applicants who test positive for marijuana (unless restricted from doing so by state or local law). Dean Foods is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.

California applicants, click here for information regarding the data collection notice for California Consumer Privacy Act.
