8x8, Inc. (NYSE:EGHT) communication solutions help businesses transform their customer and employee experience. With one system of engagement for cloud voice, video, collaboration and contact center and one system of intelligence on one cloud communications platform, businesses can now communicate faster and smarter to exceed the speed of customer expectations. For additional information, visit www.8x8.com, or follow 8x8 on LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.

The Deal Desk Analyst II is responsible for delivering deal analysis and deal structure guidance for multiple sales verticals with the mission to meet fiduciary responsibilities, customer requirements and sales goals which ensure successful execution in new business & revenue generation. This role directly contributes to scalability and efficiency gains in many of our internal processes that impact the overall customer experience. This role can be based in our HQ in Campbell, CA or can be a fully remote role.
This is a highly visible position that requires extensive interaction with senior executives and staff members across the entire organization, especially sales, customer success, marketing, product, finance, support, legal, and professional services. Success in this role will require capacity for establishing a close relationship with key members of these groups, building on collaboration and business critical-thinking skills to assess requests and find solutions that meet stakeholder needs. A successful candidate will have demonstrated the ability to proactively and effectively work together with all organizational levels within a fast-moving high-technology company, particularly interfacing between multiple teams worldwide.
Responsibilities
Drive the end to end lifecycle of a quote to an order with discretion & independent judgement with respect & adherence to the policies & procedures currently in place.
Manage complex day to day contract creation process, working closely with sales representatives to articulate customer requirements, business case, and deal value to several and sometimes dissimilar stakeholders across 8x8. Partner with sales leaders to understand close plans and timelines for high-level deals
Provide deal strategy, structuring, review and business policy advice to sales in an effort to maximize current and future revenue and remain within an acceptable risk profile
Responsible for ensuring non-standard requests received from Sales are communicated clearly, accurately and adequate justification is provided
Administer approval process for the most complex and high visibility enterprise sales transactions to meet customer’s critical business requirements while expediting sales velocity, and adhering to 8x8’s operational policies, and accounting & legal practices
Manage assigned queues’ deal & request flow in alignment with priorities communicated by direct leadership
Assist in maintaining continuity within Deal Desk by working with teammates, especially junior members, in completing complex tasks
Strong analytical and problem solving skills; self-starter with ability to independently identify action items required in any given situation (high-level critical thinking)
Ability to analyze, model and recommend the best course of action for complex pricing situations and business decisions.
Requirements
Minimum Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent, preferably in Business, Marketing, Finance, or a related field
3+ years relevant experience in an analytic, Deal Desk, Sales Operations and/or operational role within Sales/Sales Operations, Marketing, Strategy, or Finance
Proficiency with Salesforce.com and Apttus CPQ preferred
Clear and thoughtful communicator with exceptional critical thinking skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment
8x8 is proud to provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics.

For 8x8 jobs located in the US: 8x8 participates in the E-Verify program.
View the Participant Poster in English | Español.
View the Right to Work Poster in English | Español.

We also provide reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. Learn more or email us at careers@8x8.com (Include “Reasonable Accommodation” in the subject line)

For European Job Applicants our Job Applicant Privacy Notice can be found here.
