Business Systems Analyst

About the Role. . .

We are looking for Business Systems Analysts to work with cutting edge technologies and interesting companies in a fast-paced, exciting environment in our Seattle, WA based team. The BSA will participate in projects supporting one or more work streams and multiple business teams. You will need to have effective communication and a wide variety of skills in order to support or lead activities, including gathering, analyzing, and documenting stakeholder requirements (developing Process Maps/ Wire Frames/ Feature Acceptance Criteria/ User Stories), and collaborating closely with technical teams to ensure delivered solutions meet business needs.

You and the team, will be developing a portfolio of dashboards and root cause analytics to support our client in a few different areas - supply chain, procurement performance, site development and more. In our shared service engineering team, you'll also focus on supporting the decomposition of current ETLs. So think data, data and more data!

You Have…
Relevant work experience in evaluating business systems, project execution, or technology – empowering business through robust technology improvements.
Experience managing ambiguity and complexity in unstructured operating environments, while able to navigate in larger, more structured environments.
Experience with and ability to quickly develop and in-depth understanding of business rules and processes to the extent of being able to optimize/streamline the workflows.
Ability to clearly communicate sophisticated concepts to the clients and project team.
Experience in one or more SDLC methodology (i.e. Waterfall, Agile, Scrum), and ability to work within the process.
Proficiency with Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, and experience with Visio
Qualifications…
An undergraduate degree (BA/BS) in business or technology
SDLC methodologies
3-5+ years in BSA type roles (not exclusively or predominantly testing)
A high degree of creativity and innovation, with proven examples of applying knowledge, experience, and judgment to ambiguous problems.
Strong quantitative, analytical and problem-solving skills; must be very comfortable with data
Strong consensus-building skills between business and technology partners
Detail-oriented and believe that details matter greatly to the success of the solution
Strong interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills
The aptitude to see and think through complex end-to-end enterprise processes and system flows
About Logic20/20. . .

Logic20/20 is one of Seattle’s fastest growing full-service consulting firms. Our core competency is creating simplicity and efficiency in complex solutions. Although we make it look like magic, we succeed by combining methodical and structured approaches with our substantial experience to design elegant solutions for even the most intricate challenges. Our rapid growth is in response to our ability to deliver consistently for our clients, which is directly related to the quality of the people we hire.

The past three years, we’ve been in the top 10 “Best Companies to Work For” ….. why? Our team members are highly self-motivated, comfortable conceiving strategies on the fly, and enjoy working both individually and as part of a team. Our environment is very high-energy and demanding, and individuals with remarkable enthusiasm and a can-do attitude are joining our team. We have lots of fun, focus on our employees and our clients, and work to bring our best to every opportunity.
