Together we move the Atoms that move the World

Imagine working on the front lines of innovation! As one of the semiconductor industry's leading suppliers of wafer fabrication equipment and services, our technology depends on finding and hiring the best and the brightest employees. We know that our dynamic, global team of exceptional employees is essential to our continued growth.

Lam Research - where successful people want to work:

We are a company comprised of people who work hard, deliver outstanding results and maintain a sense of humor during even the most challenging times. This is truly a rare opportunity. Lam Research is a market leader where our core values are not just words on the back of your badge. Given the criticality of this role to Lam Research's success, this philosophy starts with you.
About Lam….
Together we move the Atoms that move the World:

Imagine working on the front lines of innovation! As one of the semiconductor industry's leading suppliers of wafer fabrication equipment and services, our technology depends on finding and hiring the best and the brightest employees. We know that our dynamic, global team of exceptional employees is essential to our continued growth.

Lam Research - where successful people want to work:

We are a company comprised of people who work hard, deliver outstanding results and maintain a sense of humor during even the most challenging times. This is truly a rare opportunity. Lam Research is a market leader where our core values are not just words on the back of your badge. Given the criticality of this role to Lam Research's success, this philosophy starts with you.
Job Responsibilities
SAP SD, MM, Logistics Business Analyst

Position Overview:
Analyze complex business problems to be solved with automated system solutions/process re-engineering
Lead cross-functional efforts to address business or systems issues as required
Serve as a lead BSA in medium to large size projects covering all phases of the project from inception through post mortem
Leads cross-functional efforts to address business or systems issues as required
Provide expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing systems requirements and procedures that are cost effective, meet user requirements and consider data quality requirements
Assists in all aspects of project management: Planning (Blueprint and Spec), Designing (Technical Spec), Test Plans (User acceptance testing), Training/Documentation (Roll-out), Cut-over, and Project Closure (Post Mortem)
Plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing to support IS corporate initiative.
Assist the business unit in troubleshooting and solving system problems.
Collaborate on preparation of training material and delivery of User training.
Provide the Business unit with systems customer support.
Collaborate with the business unit in leveraging SAP or 3rd party tools to enable the organization's future-state business capabilities.
Other Job Responsibilities
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Technology or equivalent work experience.
6+ years overall SAP experience with 3+ years of experience with Spares planning and reverse logistics, specifically hands-on configuration.
Participation in at least one end-to-end project (analysis, design, config/development build, test, deployment including training and data conversion)
#LI-SJ1

IND123

#GD
Minimum Qualification
Additional Qualifications:
Knowledge and expereince in the following modules: SD (Sales and Distribution), MM-PUR (Purchasing), Logistics execution
Strong relationship, interpersonal, communication and business process skills.
Demonstrated planning and coordination skills with development initiatives.
Demonstrated project management experience.
More About Us ….
Our work is everywhere you look – even if you can’t actually see it. Lam Research goes deeper than software or chips to the heart of the process that enables chip creation. So if you want to help power the components that empower everything, join us.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

Our work is everywhere you look – even if you can’t actually see it. Lam Research goes deeper than software or chips to the heart of the process that enables chip creation. So if you want to help power the components that empower everything, join us.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.
