Location:
Mountain View, CA

Job Terms:
Temporary

Salary:
DOE

Start date:
07/01/2020

Posted By:
Scott Toohill

Date:
06/29/2020

Job Description:

Product and services aims to provide a helpful home to our customers that takes care of the people inside it and the world around it. Our portfolio of products and services sit that the intersection of consumer needs and technology, and this role will help unlock value for both consumers and the business.

Overall Responsibilities:
Work with key stakeholders across marketing, research, and product management teams to conduct research and define product roadmaps as well as consumer facing positioning and messaging across devices and services
Top 3 Daily Responsibilities:
Synthesizing research to inform and develop key positioning, messaging, feature descriptions of key products
Craft a strategy around our key products, including crafting a product marketing guides and launch strategies
Coordinate and communicate with key cross-functional stakeholders, engaging in meeting and creating presentations for stakeholder management and feedback
Mandatory Skill/Experience/Education:
4+ years in marketing (consumer, product marketing, research)
Demonstrated communication skills to conduct stakeholder interaction and presentation
Experience in or related to synthesizing research to inform product positioning and messaging
Desired Skill/Experience/Education:
Data visualization

Client Description:


One thing we know is that this client, as big as it is, is still setting the standard for not only the product they’re turning out, but for the way they conduct business.

Our client is the global leader in technology, with offices in many major cities. As different as those cities are, you can expect that the personality of each office is the same. Commonalities include bringing people together in the physical work space, outlets for creativity (outside work-related exercises), and a setup for brainstorming on the fly, whenever the opportunity strikes.

What they see in your resume, if you’re selected, is your ability to be an autonomous thinker, and a team player; someone focused, and driven to push the envelope who can also let down their guard and have fun with the team while doing it; someone who has the intellectual capacity to challenge even the most innovative thinkers without the hubris that tends to accompany it. No egos here!

Here, everyone is considered a project owner, and expected to give 100%, even when the path forward isn’t necessarily clear.

Work here, and know you’re working with a Forbes #1 rated company.

Work here, and know you’re setting the pace for digital products globally.

Work here, and find the challenge of your career!

And in case you’re afraid you won’t have time for other things, you’ll be able to take advantage of:
Fitness center access
Discounts on things like dry cleaning and oil changes
Free lunches
Convenient commuter shuttles
Why work with AQUENT? Check out our awesome benefits: https://aquent.com/find-work/talent-benefits

Aquent is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.
