Mastered Skill Implement advanced strategies for gathering, reviewing and analyzing requirements Prioritize requirements and create conceptual prototypes and mock-ups Master strategic business process modeling, trace ability and quality management techniques Apply best practices for effective communication and problem-solving Creates clear and concise documentation Minimum Requirements 4+ years analyst experience preferred. Ability to elicit business requirements and translate into technical solution design documents Working knowledge of business processes, system development and process improvements. Proficient in gathering business requirements using UML, process flows and uses cases. Expertise in modeling and mapping as-is and to-be business processes. Experience with complete software development life cycle. Understanding of technology capabilities and limitations. Experience with and strong understanding of various technologies and platforms, including end-point devices (i.e. mobile devices, laptops, tablets, servers, etc.) Experience designing and reviewing test cases. Experience with QA process methodology Knowledge of SharePoint O365 Self-starter with strong problem solving skills Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Responsibilities Partner with cross-functional stakeholders (i.e. IT Security team, Project Sponsor, ValidationQualification team and Business counterparts, etc.) to elicit, analyze, and translate information to create Business Requirement , User Requirements, andor Technical Requirements Act as a liaison between technical teams, senior management, and the business community, including managing communications between business stakeholders and technical teams Traceability Matrix creation and management Lead effort to obtain approvals for all types of Requirements Manage user change requests and change process Work with IT Security team, Project Sponsor, ValidationQualification team and Business counterparts, etc. to gather and analyze information to develop new and update existing Process Flows and accompanying documentation (including swim-lanes diagrams and As-is To-be documentation, etc.) Design comprehensive test plans to test the quality of software and business processes Work with IT Security team, Business counterparts, etc. to gather information to create User Acceptance Test Strategy documents Coordinate and manage user acceptance testing by providing test schedules, planning, test data, detailed test scripts and document test results Lead effort to obtain approvals for UAT Testing Summary, including the creation of the summary itself. Work with Technical and Training Team to develop Training Plan, Materials, Training execution and Manage Training Plan approvals. Work with Technical and Business team to develop Support Plan and Manage approvals. Work with Technical and Business team to develop end-user communication.
