Budget Analyst (Entry Level)

Full time

* We are currently recruiting for this role in San Jose, Sacramento and Fresno*

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES

The Budget Analyst provides financial and business administration support to department managers that include participating in annual budget development and completion, forecasting, ongoing financial reporting and presentation to budget owners.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES
Review submitted budget proposals for completeness and accuracy; provide technical assistance in preparing budgets
Assist in preparation of the preliminary and final budget documents
Primary system administrator for the organizations cloud based planning tool
Maintain data and systems for budget tracking and reporting
Meet regularly with managers to study and monitor budget variances and financial performance
Monitor organizational spending to ensure that it is within budget.
Maintain good communication with the department managers to ensure their understanding of the budget and forecast process.
NON-ESSENTIAL DUTIES
Other duties as assigned
QUALIFICATIONS

Ability to perform the duties described above. A typical means of acquiring those abilities would be:
Bachelors degree in accounting or related field required
2 years relevant experience
High level of proficiency with Excel
Familiarity with an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
REQUIREMENTS
Must possess detailed knowledge of all aspects of assigned duties as well as of the computer applications necessary to carry out these duties.
Must carry out job duties with a high level of accuracy.
Must continuously demonstrate ability to work effectively, cooperatively, and harmoniously.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.
Considerable ability to understand and work in a complex data processing environment.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts as they relate to auditing and fiscal analysis to include accounting and the budget.
Ability to work independently and to plan and organize work effectively.
Ability to multi-task, and handle a high volume workload.
Organizational and decision making skills with ability to meet deadlines and to set priorities independently.
Ability to maintain confidentiality.
