Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Business, Engineering or a related field or equivalent practical experience.
5 years of experience in web content management, marketing operations, systems engineering, technical program management or related field.
Experience leading and managing marketing technology, automation and governance projects.
Preferred qualifications:
Experience in large scale process mapping and data modeling projects.
Knowledge of one or more object oriented and scripting programming languages.
Excellent communication skills; comfortable presenting work to senior stakeholders in the organization.
About the job


At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.

With your technical expertise, you build business applications and influence the design of features that improve the reliability of our applications and systems. You also define the scope of technical projects and oversee execution.

Google Cloud is building a modern website as an application to acquire new customers, help them through the purchase experience, convert them into Google Cloud Platform (GCP) users, and assist them when they require customer support.

The Google Cloud Marketing Platform team is multidisciplinary, and as engineering leader you’ll partner with our business stakeholders, end users, product leaders, designers, and engineers to build a compelling platform to enable the Google Cloud online experience.

We need a business system analyst with organizational and technical expertise to bring scale and efficiency to a backend platform enabling our vision of a seamless customer experience.

Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
Responsibilities
Work with the business stakeholders, end users, product managers, UX designers, engineers, and other business system analysts to define, develop, and implement new initiatives in the Cloud Marketing Systems domain and build the long term roadmap.
Work with cross functional teams across the Cloud Marketing organization to identify opportunities of optimizing business workflows, improve quality of information, and reduce inefficiencies.
Break down complex ambiguous scope of large projects into granular product and system requirements with measurable acceptance criterias and define and implement enterprise systems architecture.
Build a robust content management system that not only supports the cloud.google.com website, but also other channels within the Cloud System and Marketing organization.
Work with the engineering team responsible for implementing various software products and designing and building internal processes related to content management within the overall Marketing organization.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
