Leading the future of luxury mobility

Lucid’s mission is to inspire the adoption of sustainable energy by creating the most captivating luxury electric vehicles, centered around the human experience. Working at Lucid Motors means having a shared vision to power the future in revolutionary ways. Be part of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to transform the automotive industry.

The Business Operations Analyst will build data driven models and provide operation analysis for Lucid’s (Aftersales) Service organization. The development of actionable reports and tools will ensure the customer-focused processes and strategic decisions are successfully implemented and improved. The ideal candidate will be able to effectively communicate a story with historical, current and predictive views to guide operational growth. Candidates will be expected to demonstrate excellence in their respective fields, to possess the ability to learn quickly and to strive for perfection within a fast-paced environment
The Role
Partner with Service leadership and decision-makers to identify, develop and define operational initiatives to ensure business readiness
Collaborate with stakeholders to identify and engage on improvement opportunities by dissecting data and statistics
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize efficiency, profitability, and other favorable business outcomes
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques
Properly design visual communication solutions and strategy proposals to optimize our business procedures based on results and trends
Design and validate analytic tools to create engaging user interfaces
Qualifications
Minimum of 5 years of experience in operational data, reporting and analytics
Bachelor’s degree with a quantitative focus (e.g. Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, etc.) or other equivalent technical experience
Knowledge of programming/query language to manage data (i.e. SQL, Python, etc.)
Experience with visual tools like Tableau, Power BI, etc.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Deep understanding of Service operations and strategies to drive the correct process goals
Knowledgeable of finance and cost operations
Dynamic and able to succeed in an ambiguous environment whilst establishing standards
Possesses passion to provide exceptional customer service and ownership experience
Enthusiastic about the future of automotive luxury and sustainable mobility

Advantageous Experiences:
Advance degrees or related certifications
Start-up experience and related fast-paced environments
Prior experience in the automotive sector

Be part of something amazing

Come work alongside some of the most accomplished minds in the industry. Beyond providing competitive salaries, we’re providing a community for innovators who want to make an immediate and significant impact. If you are driven to create a better, more sustainable future, then this is the right place for you.

At Lucid, we don’t just welcome diversity - we celebrate it! Lucid Motors is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, and any other characteristic protected under applicable State or Federal laws and regulations.

To all recruitment agencies: Lucid Motors does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our careers alias or other Lucid Motors employees. Lucid Motors is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
