WHAT IS BOX?

Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal.

By joining Box, you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today, Box powers over 98,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud.

WHY BOX NEEDS YOU

Box is looking for a Business Analyst to join our Enterprise Systems team to help manage and scale our Workday environment. In this role, you will be working with HR business leaders and collaborating with our Enterprise Systems team to deliver best-in-class system solutions. An ideal candidate will have exceptional analytical, communication, and problem solving skills and be comfortable interacting with all levels or organizations, including Executive Management.

This role will allow you to apply your functional Workday expertise to some of Box's most critical hire-to-retire initiatives. You will work closely with your team to collaborate on creative solutions for technical challenges, provide inputs on the Workday roadmap, and provide direct impact to our business partners. You will interact frequently with senior management and must become a trusted thought-leader to our extended business partners.

WHAT YOU'LL DO
Manage stakeholder engagement with critical business partners in the People Ops, Benefits & Talent teams to provide consultative guidance on system capabilities and address any Workday issues
Collaborate with other Workday team members to administer Box's Workday environment and manage resolution of inbound run-the-business bugs, defects or enhancement requests
Independently manage end-to-end HR technology projects, including project planning, status tracking, design, testing and release activities
Critically evaluate system inefficiencies, drive fit-gap assessments, and provide recommendations for technology solutions that can scale with growing needs of the business
Support definition of Workday roadmap and evaluate complexity and resource requirements for inbound requests
Work with internal business application SMEs and external vendors as required to deliver project deliverables
WHO YOU ARE
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Business or related field
4+ years of experience configuring and supporting Workday business processes in HCM, Benefits, Talent & Compensation
3+ years of system implementation experience and knowledge of owning techno-functional deliverables in a project, including functional design and QA
Strong knowledge of hire-to-retire processes, building compensation plans, benefits administration and performance evaluation processes
Extensive knowledge of Workday architecture and integrating with other applications/systems
Exceptional ability to partner with business stakeholders to understand business process challenges and provide guidance on technical solutions
BENEFITS
Visit this webpage to check out all of our exciting benefits: https://join.collectivehealth.com/box
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice.
