Nutanix is building a world class organization and is looking for a top notch Order to Cash Business Analyst to add to the team. The position requires a highly dedicated individual who can deliver results in a high growth, ever-evolving environment. This person will be responsible for the functional design and support of SaaS solutions for Order-to-Cash stream.

The candidate will be part of the SaaS Engineering team and will be supporting various business groups like finance, accounting, FP&A, Tax, Order Fulfillment, Costing and Planning teams. The candidate will act as a liaison between finance, operations and the delivery teams, to help drive and implement process, systems and change adoption within the organization. The ideal candidate will have worked in fast paced organizations with rapid growth and frequent change, helping to drive and execute on change initiatives.

Job Responsibilities
Documentation of business requirements and the associated metrics needed to identify if the requirements are achieved.
Efficiently optimize existing business processes to drive productivity in business groups
Design new business processes that will scale and help business teams across the company.
Must have the ability to train and help business users complete their daily tasks effectively.
Effectively communicate business requirements to the technical organizations, and vice versa.
Provides regular communication regarding the status of specific projects and interfaces with all areas affected by the project
Interact extensively with development teams to communicate business requirements in order to deliver efficient solutions in a timely manner.
Provide support to the Finance organization at all times, especially during month-end and quarter-end.
Minimum Job Qualifications:
Full-scope Netsuite implementation experience as a BSA on 2 or more implementation projects at mid-to-large sized organizations.
Experience with ARM module of Netsuite to implement ASC 606 is a big plus.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Finance, Accounting or Info Systems discipline.
Minimum of 8+ years of related work experience in an operational role and some experience with project and or change management.
Experience working with Auditors both internal and external ensuring that business processes and Change control processes are SOX compliant is mandatory.
Experience in a high change, rapidly growing business is a plus.
Experience with Order Management is mandatory.
Soft skills
Strong relationship building skills.
Effective communicator that works well in a collaborative team setting
Exceptional ability to gather organize and evaluate any information or data needed as input from stakeholders and development team to determine requirements and specifications.
CAN DO attitude.
Ability and desire to work in a fast-paced and continually evolving environment.
Ability to simultaneously manage multiple projects, priorities and complete objectives on time.
Excellent communication skills, including both verbal and written.
Excellent problem solving skills, conflict/resolution management, active listening, time management and excellent interpersonal skills.
Exposure to process development and change execution.
Ability to interact with all levels of business users across functional teams (end-users/executives).
Functional Requirements:
Completions of 2 or more complex Netsuite implementations in mid-to-large sized organizations.
Strong Netsuite ERP Knowledge and experience as a BSA.
Mandatory requirement is to have functional experience with the following Netsuite modules: Receivables, Payables, Order Management, and Inventory.
Experience in Advanced Revenue Management and Fixed Assets is a plus.
Experience with Supply Chain modules also a plus.
Must have knowledge of Netsuite technical components scripts, workflows etc.
Candidates must have experience of working with technical teams across different timezones.
Must be able to drive process changes and reverse engineer processes if needed
Extensive Netsuite reporting experience required.
The candidate must have experience in Netsuite ERP and must have a deep understanding of all financial and Order Processing modules and processes.
Strong experience required in NetSuite General Ledger, Receivables, Payables, Inventory (from a period close standpoint) etc.
Must have experience with month-end activities in the financial systems.
Must have worked with Advanced Revenue Management module in Netsuite.
Strong understanding of the Netsuite Technology stack and how all the different components work in tandem to build good solutions required.
Must have experience in the payment processing module in Netsuite.
Must be experienced in Tax calculations leveraging systems like Avalara, Onesource, etc.
Must be able to build Saved searches, customize reports in Netsuite to address business reporting needs.
We’re an equal opportunity employer

Nutanix is an Equal Employment Opportunity and (in the U.S.) an Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other category protected by applicable law. We hire and promote individuals solely on the basis of qualifications for the job to be filled.

We strive to foster an inclusive working environment that enables all our Nutants to be themselves and to do great work in a safe and welcoming environment, free of unlawful discrimination, intimidation or harassment.
