Everyone communicates. It’s the essence of the human experience. How we communicate is evolving. Technology is reshaping the way we live, learn and thrive. The epicenter of this transformation is the network—our passion. Our experts are rethinking the purpose, role and usage of networks to help our customers increase bandwidth, expand capacity, enhance efficiency, speed deployment and simplify migration. From remote cell sites to massive sports arenas, from busy airports to state-of-the-art data centers— we provide the essential expertise and vital infrastructure your business needs to succeed. The world’s most advanced networks rely on CommScope connectivity.

REQ ID: 45123

Title: Staff IT Business Systems Analyst

Location:Sunnyvale, California

Entity: Ruckus Wireless

Serve as the liaison between the customer community (internal customers sales, marketing, enablement, data governance) and the it development teams. Consult with sales and marketing platform stakeholders to understand business problems and translate them into functional and non-functional requirements and critically evaluating information gathered from multiple sources and reconcile conflicts. Dissect high-level information into details and communicate these details in a manner understood by relevant it audiences. Influence requirements and processes to effectively utilize systems and applications without customization. Review, design and aggregate data cleansing activities as it relates to the key areas for sales territory assignments engines, lead assignments and approval functionality. Analyze existing programs or formulate logic for new systems, devise logic procedures, prepare flowcharts, perform configuration, tests, and roll-outs to business users. Work closely with business teams to gain in-depth understanding of business issues; identify, analyze and translate business needs into functional specifications and work collaboratively with design, engineering and scrum team members in the implementation of contact center solutions. Analyze requirements and prepare analysis, use cases and other requirements documentation. Test solutions and ensure they meet business requirements and are "fit-for-purpose." present and validate solution with user. Create and execute test plans, log and prioritize defects. Analyze and propose configurations and other changes within the system per user/customer business needs.

Qualifications

Bachelors Degree in Management Information Systems, Business, Business Operations, Computer Systems or rltd. and 6 years of work experience

SKILLS

MySQL (BACKEND QUERIES); SYSTEM DESIGN AND ARCHITECTURE; TECHNOLOGY APPLICATION TO BUSINESS PROCESS; DATA ANALYTICS; PROJECT MANAGEMENT.

Prior to July 26, 2020 this position's REQ ID # was 45123

;;
