Company Profile

Lattice Semiconductor (NASDAQ: LSCC) is the global leader in smart connectivity solutions, providing market leading intellectual property and low-power, small form-factor devices that enable more than 8,000 global customers to quickly deliver innovative and differentiated cost and power efficient products.

The Company's broad, end-market exposure solves customer problems across the network from the Edge to the Cloud for clients in consumer electronics, industrial equipment, communications infrastructure, computing and automotive. Our technology, long-standing relationships and commitment to world-class support enables our customers to quickly and easily unleash innovative solutions to create a smart, secure and connected world.

Our control, connect and compute solutions enable the Internet of Things to operate safely, easily and more autonomously at the edge of the network core. While you may not see our products, you are interacting with them all day, every day. We make your experience smarter and better-connected. Join Team Lattice…and help us continue to drive innovation that creates a smarter, better-connected world. Together, we enable what’s next.

Position Responsibilities
Ability to gather complex business requirements, process flows, and use-case scenarios
Ability to analyze, design and develop specifications for EDI interfaces
Embraces established documentation standards, procedures and guidelines and identify improvement opportunities.
Assume responsibility for project tasks and ensure they are completed in a timely fashion
Strong organizational and planning abilities
Excellent communication and relationship building skills
Ability to work effectively as a team and independently in a process-based environment
Competitive benefits package including:
Medical, dental, vision effective on date of hire
401(k) with company match
Employee Stock Purchase plan, Commuter Benefit, and more
Lattice Semiconductor is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.

Requirements
Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well
Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity
Works well as a member of a group
Inspired to perform without outside help
Inspired to perform well by the chance to take on more responsibility
Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
Oracle EBS
EDI Interfaces
SQL, PL/SQL
Business Systems Analyst
