Customer Success: Sr. Business Analyst

Description:

It’s an exciting time to join Nutanix. The company is building a world-class Customer Success (CS) organization and we are looking to hire a Sr. Business Analyst who will be part of the Customer Success Insights team reporting to the Sr. Director of Customer Success. The Customer Success Insights team is the Chief Data Office for CS and other functions.

As a Sr. Business Analyst, in the CS Chief Data Office, you will be part of a team building products and tools that leverage the value of customer data. The products and tools are built on a platform of customer data and provide insights that end-users across the company will use to make customers more successful.

Core Responsibilities:

● Play a key role in developing, delivering and maintaining inhouse products built on Tableau. This will include helping with data validation and user acceptance testing.

● Regularly interact with end-users of the Tableau dashboards: Understand key user requirements, answer data related questions and troubleshoot issues as needed.

● Work with an India based development team to drive execution of the roadmap including enhancements to the existing product and development of new products.

● Be the operational lead for the Customer Success Systems and Tools. Be the point of contact for data related questions, identify and resolve data lineage issues and other operational issues.

● Support role based access control and other administrative activities related to Systems & Tools.

● Become the subject matter expert on the database schema that supports various Customer Success Systems & Tools.

● Conduct ad hoc analyses and run reports as needed to support the business.

● Effectively communicate insights to Customer Success team members, Account managers, sales engineers and senior leadership.

● Create documentation and deliver training on Customer Success tools to enable self-service for internal stakeholders.

● Be the primary point of contact for Gainsight administration.

● Collaborate with the business, product managers and the insights engineering team to establish prioritized analytics and dashboards backlog.

● Implement processes for executing the development, measuring progress, and communicating results.

Requirements:

● Undergraduate degree preferably in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering or related degree.

● Experience in implementing and managing SaaS, BI, Analytics applications and reporting tools (such as Salesforce, Tableau) at enterprise scale.

● Fluency in SQL, Python.

● Experience working with databases and data sets.

● Strong analytical and problem solving skills.

● Proven ability to independently lead analyses to support the business.

● Experience in user requirement gathering, leading the prototype for all BI initiatives.

● Proficient with building models, driving analyses using Excel and other tools.

● Strong oral and written communication skills.

● Experience in working on / managing cross-functional projects.

Preferred Qualifications:

● Proven record of working effectively with cross-functional teams at all levels with the organization.

● Ability to work with different team members to design processes and implement strategic projects that solve business challenges.

● Prior experience working with Salesforce and Salesforce reports.

● Experience working with Gainsight and/or other Customer Success systems.

● High energy level and “can do” attitude.

● Self-starter who is comfortable with ambiguity and working in a fast-paced, change-oriented environment.

● Proven ability to balance multiple projects and priorities.

● Excellent verbal and written communication skills including the ability to develop and deliver executive level presentations.
