Opportunity Details
ID: 20747
Title: Business Analysts (Ref:102)
Location: Fremont,CA
Rate: Market
Duration: Full time Position
Posted: 12/12/2018 11:22:59 AM
Status: Open
Details:
Business Analysts (Ref:102): Work in SAP CRM implementation for Utility clients (Gas and Electricity) by closely working with business/end users to understand, collect the requirements and document the same. Review the system requirement specification documents, develop functional specification documents and configure based on SAP best practices; extensively worked on Configuration and implementation of SAP CRM and SD Functionalities. Validation of the setup and code components; Work extensively in performance, integration and System integration testing; Create Queries, functional modules, programs, conversions, interfaces, reports, and enhancement; Track defects to accurately depict the status of the system, daily testing status reports and acting as a single point of contact for defect tracking issues and updates; Responsible for deployment, validation, hyper-care and post production support; Creation of functional/technical specification documents for the business requirement and translate those to SAP solutions. Tools Used: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP CRM 6.0, SAP GATEWAY, HPALM. Minimum Education: Master’s degree in Business Administration. Minimum experience: Three (3) years. Employer will conduct an on-line technical skills test to assess knowledge and abilities. Job may involve working at various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S. Travel required to the extent of relocating to various unanticipated locations throughout the US. Three (3) years of experience must include three (3) years of experience in SAP ECC 6.0 , SAP CRM 6.0, SAP GATEWAY, HPALM. Job Site: Fremont, CA. Employer will accept three (3) years of experience gained before or after completing Master's degree in Business Administration. Please send resumes referencing the aforementioned job title and reference number to Convergent Consulting, Inc at 48511 Warm Springs Blvd., Suite 211, Fremont, CA 94539.
