We are the Gen-Next technology solution provider, solving complex business problems. We assist our happy customers across all spectrum to reimagine their business processes and navigate their digital journey. Our out-of-the-box solutions continue to bridge the gap between ideas and reality, delivering impact through connected data, architecture and experience.
WE ARE ENQUERO - DIGITALLY TRANSFORMING businesses since 2014!
Excellence with Enquero
We are a vibrant and a ridiculously norm-challenging bunch with increasingly diverse teams across the globe. Our open culture enables easy ideation, innovation and delivery. Our voracious appetite for knowledge makes growth organic to us.
If you have a passion for problem solving and quirkiness doesn’t scare you, come be a part of our rapidly growing company. Oh! we do have a life outside work as well.

Work with cross-functional, geographically dispersed teams to improve, define and manage new business processes and help develop overall technology solution design.
Assess existing processes and make improvement recommendations based on customer experience, cycle time and risk/reward analysis.
Assess and define business problems, identify options, assemble and analyze relevant supporting data, and shape recommendations for management approval
Perform process modeling, carryout fit-gap analysis and translate requirements to related technology solution design.
Coordinate meetings with subject matter experts, document and distribute meeting minutes, ensure actions items are completed on time, communicate project status, escalate issues to management as appropriate.
Support teams through all phases of the project including knowledge transition phase.
Establish, adopt, communicate and enforce industry standards, principles and practices.
Be an individual contributor on client engagement teams, working under the supervision of a Senior/Lead Consultant, to develop work product and lead specific project initiatives.

Bachelor’s degree in a related field and 10 years of work experience in systems analysis and design or
equivalent combination of education and experience.
Requires strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills to convey both technical and non-technical
concepts to a wide audience.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, draw valid conclusions, and effectively present
findings and recommendations to management.
Experience in both in-house development solutions and implementation of vendor delivered
applications preferred.
Requires excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. A comprehensive understanding of business
processes and the ability to quickly learn new processes.
Expresses detail level business/systems analysis using As-Is Swim lane Diagrams, UML Use Case and
other modeling standards.
Strong experience with Microsoft product suite, including Visio, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Project and
SharePoint required.
Experience with wireframe creation tools.
Works independently, with guidance only in the most complex situations.
ERP knowledge and previous experience a plus.
Travel and after-hours support may be required.
Bilingual English /Spanish communication is required.
A driver’s license and the ability to be covered under company-sponsored vehicle insurance
program is also required.

This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work performed by employees in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all the job's responsibilities. At Enquero, all of our jobs include broad responsibilities for continually improving the processes we use to develop our products.
Enquero is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
