Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.The Product Experience Analytics Team is responsible for advancing Facebook's advertising business by identifying and collaborating with the product team to implement opportunities that improve the quality of existing and future products. With deep analytics expertise, understanding of the product health and the customer experience, the Product Experience Analytics Team partners with the product team (consists of Engineering, Product Management, Research, Design, etc.) to ensure we launch high quality and reliable products to the market. They reinforce that expertise by becoming fluent in the data around Facebook ads and developing a well-rounded knowledge of ad products and the ecosystem as a whole. Utilizing that critical expertise, we keep the customer experience at the center of our focus.

Product Experience Analysts are highly analytical, data driven, and scrappy- not only identifying and proactively advocating for impactful changes Facebook should make but also driving the implementation of changes based on those insights. PXAs thrive in ambiguity and are capable of turning data into convincing stories that influence product teams to prioritize quality in the product. Those who join our team are passionate about improving experiences for advertisers and publishers and are strong advocates for the customers building their business on our platform. We need strong analytically capable influencers who can align cross-functional partners around creating the best possible experience for our customers. The Product Experience Analytics team, is highly cross-functional, working across all teams that make up a Product Team to provide data-driven insights that help define our business strategy, product vision, and roadmap.

Facebook is reshaping the world of advertising and the Product Experience Analytics team will play a central role in determining how successful and sustainable we can be.

If you are passionate about Facebook, interested in advertising, intellectually curious, a fast learner, clever thinker, and have exceptional communication skills, keep reading!

Responsibilities:

Explore and analyze customer experience and product performance data, develop goals and tracking metrics, and ensure product priorities are data-driven and accommodate short-term and long-term goals
Develop deep analytical insights around ads product use, stability, performance, and the customer experience across a variety of data sets and platforms
Build strategic relationships and manage communication and alignment across multiple partner teams
Partner with Research, Sales Support, and Marketing teams to identify opportunities to improve our products based on customer feedback and help quantify the impact of their qualitative insights
Partner with Engineering, Design, and Product Management to implement changes in existing products that positively impact the advertisers' experience and drive new Facebook products that are high quality and low risk
Instill a focus on quality in the product culture by creating objective data driven stories that influence and convince product teams to prioritize quality projects
Inform, influence, and execute new quality initiatives that are data driven and meaningfully shift core metrics in the positive direction
Initiate and drive change through influence, and collaborating with a variety of cross-functional stakeholders
Mininum Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree and 3+ years post-collegiate work experience doing quantitative analysis or Master or PhD with 2+ years work experience doing quantitative analysis
2+ years SQL experience
Knowledge of basic statistics and analytical concepts
1+ years of experience in Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, or other data visualization tools
Analytical experience, with experience building product intuition, solving problems using data and providing business insights
Experience creating and telling stories from data
Experience constructing interpersonal relationships across teams, communicate technical content and analytical insights to multiple audiences
Preferred Qualifications:

Work experience in tech, finance, consulting or related industry
Degrees in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or other tech or math related fields
1+ years of experience in Python or R
Internet advertising experience
Experience at a software technology company
Experience working in the advertising industry
Experience leveraging raw customer feedback to develop new analytical initiatives
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
