ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:
Functional requirement gathering, business process analysis, writing business requirement document, Testing, creating workflows, analytics and metrics to support on-going & strategic projects and work collaboratively with cross functional & IT teams and maintain optimum service levels, including pursuing continuous improvement of business operations processes, using industry best practices.
Perform functional and technical analysis of core business operations processes (Order Management, Sales Operation, Contract Mgmt. and Customer Master) integrations, gather business requirements and propose appropriate solution.
Partner with peers when coordinating business analysis, analytics, testing and problem-solving across business operations functions. Build collaboration by encouraging trust, mutual respect, and shared purpose among team members.
Demonstrate proficiency in areas of business analysis, testing, dashboard, analytics, requirement gathering, business processes, security and data privacy. Establish strong working relationship Sales, Marketing, Finance and Business Operations management.
Continually strive to provide more efficient or higher-quality products and services to respond to customers' needs. Routinely seek customer feedback and incorporate the data into strategies and action plans and must appreciate the overall benefits and impact on the supported business organizations.
TRAINING RESPONSIBILITIES: (REQUIRED)
Complete all assigned and required training satisfactorily and on time
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:

Education and Experience (in years):
Bachelors degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, or related business process with 5+ years of related work experience OR Masters degree in field with 3+ years of related work experience
Knowledge and skills:
5-7 years of experience in business analysis and min 3 years of track record in delivering multiple business applications solutions with experience in communicating effectively to business and IT.
Strong interpersonal, organizational, planning and communications skills are vital, including strong analytical and problem-solving skills; ability to lead discussions, present ideas to audiences of all sizes, and Communicate/ interact effectively with all levels of the organization.
Ability to work in a team environment & interact effectively with others by making customer satisfaction and solution quality/integrity high priorities for self and team. Ability to work under pressure to meet deadlines in completing various, multiple and changing business priorities, requirements, and projects.
Must be self-motivated, demonstrate a can-do attitude and be a "results" driven individual with a positive attitude for a timely delivery of agreed upon solutions.
PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS:
Working experience in a Medical industry/ FDA regulated environment is a plus.
Experience with both Salesforce Lightning and Classic platforms.
Strong working knowledge of Salesforce, Einstein, Power BI, CPQ, SAP, RPA, eCommerce.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS/ABILITIES:
Ability to work in an office environment.
Ability to travel domestically up to 10% of the time
Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The EEO is the Law poster is available here.
