Coupang is one of the largest and fastest growing e-commerce platforms on the planet. We are on a mission to revolutionize everyday lives for our customers, employees and partners. We solve problems no one has solved before to create a world where people ask, "How did we ever live without Coupang?" Coupang is a global company with offices in Beijing, Los Angeles, Seattle, Seoul, Shanghai, and Silicon Valley.

Job Overview:

The Business Analytics team brings this data together to generate actionable insights, answer complex business questions, and help us deepen our understanding of Customers.

As a Principal Business Analyst on the team, you will focus on Coupang mobile app performance and optimization, including conversion tracking by applying various KPI's, along with analyzing the success of A/B and multivariate testing initiatives.

Key Responsibilities:
Hypothesis Validations – Generate test hypotheses and clearly validate opportunities/recommend actions that can have positive improvements in customer experience and business KPI's.
Test Analysis – Drive proper A/B analysis with statistical rigor and perform cohort studies to answer "why?" on test result drivers. Ideate more complex tests from an analytical and insightful reporting perspective
Tell a Concise Story – At completion of Tests, build timely, compelling, fact-based test recaps that strongly communicate the business 'story' behind the data and test outcomes
Communicate Results – Identify successes, failures, trends, and effectively communicate these findings to the organization. If test results are positive – analyze KPI improvements in pre/post A/B test roll-outs; if results are negative – perform driver analysis to recommend next iteration of that test
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Quantitative field (Statistics, Engineering, Business), or equivalent experience
8-10+ years of experience in a similar role
Experience with SQL, Python, and R/SAS or any statistical package
Experience working with Big Data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, and Presto
Strong critical thinking and detail-oriented with an aptitude for solving unstructured problems.
Preferred:
Master's degree in Quantitative field (Statistics, Engineering, Business),
Experience in e-commerce product analytics
Fluent in English and Korean (verbal and written)
Coupang is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or gender (including pregnancy, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, transgender status), national origin, age, disability, medical condition, HIV/AIDS or Hepatitis C status, marital status, military or veteran status, use of a trained dog guide or service animal, political activities, affiliations, citizenship, or any other characteristic or class protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at usrecruiting@coupang.com.
