Req ID: 97234

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Business Analyst to join our team in Charlotte, North Carolina (US-NC), United States (US).

Duties and Responsibilities:
The Business Analyst (BA) candidate should have enough understanding of the Retirement Finance industry to draft requirements that are easily understood by business partners and stakeholders.
The BA candidate will require a better than average skills (including communication).
The candidate can help to gather business requirements by working with our NextGen business partners, and other key stakeholders as needed.
The BA should be able to support the team by educating them on the business requirements and serve as an SME to answer questions.
The BA will spend time on defining what needs to happen regardless of the team doing the work. This way we can leverage strength and knowledge across the group.
The BA will work across the train, not specific to a team or application. We have some larger initiatives coming up where we need solid business analyst skills to help us toward our strategic vision.
The BA will be required to work with other senior/lead BA’s on the train and business leads on gathering requirements.
The BA will have some technical knowledge, somewhat more than the average BA. Having some knowledge to how something works technically will be helpful
Required Skills:

5+ years as Business Analyst.

#INDFSINS

#L1-NAM

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.

Nearest Major Market: Charlotte
Job Segment:
Consulting, Business Analyst, Systems Analyst, Technology
