Amick Brown is seeking an experienced Business Process Analyst for our direct client.

Location: Sunnyvale, CA
Duration: 6 Months +

This role will initially focus on understanding End to End Supply Chain planning processes to bridge business needs with technical solutions and authoring key documents including As-Is processes, To-Be processes, User Requirement Documents, test scripts, and training documents, Department Operating Procedures, etc. This role will closely work with the IT and Planning team to implement planning solutions, through support training and deployment needs. The ideal candidate should have strong supply chain planning implementation skills and a strong understanding of the E2E software project development phases.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Understanding the E2E Supply Chain Planning business and system processes.
Work collaboratively and independently to identify gaps and potential solutions, working closely with IT and business users.
Create project-related documents including Business Process Flow, User Requirement Documents, User Acceptance Test Scripts, and training related documents, and DOP/SOP updates (Department Operating Procedures).
Facilitate change management.
Required skills:
3+ years of relevant experience in a business system analyst or technical writer role in supply chain or manufacturing domain.
3+ years of experience in authoring technical documents and business processes,
Strong understanding of supply chain planning processes, manufacturing processes, manufacturing BOM, Routing and capacity.
Experience in Advanced Planning System(Kinaxis, SAP APO, O9 etc), SAP/Agile
Familiarity with IT system project life cycle
BA/BS in Supply Chain relevant fields
Ability to apply critical thinking and distill relevant information for the right audience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to facilitate meetings
Collaborative Meeting Skills and Ability to work in a virtual work environment
Takes initiative and responsibility for meeting deliverables
Desired : Strong skills in MS Word/ MS Power Point/Video Aids etc
Amick Brown, LLC is an Information Technology consulting company providing IT staffing and managed solutions. Founded in 2010, we are a certified woman-owned small business headquartered in San Ramon, CA with an additional office in Sacramento, CA. Amick Browns experienced IT professionals support customers nationwide in both the commercial and public sectors. We are SBA 8(a) and IS0 9001:2015 certified and are an SAP Services Silver Partner.

Regular full-time employees are eligible for the following Amick Brown provided benefits:
Health
Vision
Dental
401k with company match
Paid time off
Sick Leave
Short-Term Disability
Life Insurance
