Sr Business Intelligence Analyst Manager Our client, one of the largest food and drug retailers, is currently looking for a Sr. Business Intelligence Analyst Manager with Demand Planning experience to serve a critical role in constructing retail optimization engine for demand output and act as the formalizer to infuse the new practice to key functions across the organization. This is a contract to hire role and will be based out of their Pleasanton, CA facility. Key responsibilities Conduct process mapping to help organization gain better understanding with performance input attributes Develop exception reporting and feedback loop for various segments to learn and shape operating models Lead research projects to understand how the inputs interact with other variables and impact demand Provide analytical support to ad-hoc cross-functional projects Gather requirements and conduct system design with technical counterparts through stages of optimization engine construction Manage road map and projects relating to demand planning and optimization engine building to ensure milestones are achieved in time Collaborate with Data Science team to develop and AB test the forecast model Communicate, align, and obtain buy-in from functional owners Monitor and create continuous feedback loop to improve optimization forecast results Qualifications 4-year degree (Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, MIS or similar focus) andor equivalent combination of education or work experience. 2+ years of functional experience in Kaizencontinuous improvement, forecasting, or finance operation. Advanced knowledge and experience with data science analytical tools, e.g. R, Python, and advanced level Excel Extensive understanding of statistical principles and how to apply them in real world Knowledge and experience with 4th generation query languages and applications, e.g. SAS, SQL, SPSS, and Snowflake (Cognos Power BI a plus) Experience as data science formalizer is a strong plus Ability to manage-up and form business strategy About Maxonic Since 2002 Maxonic has been at the forefront of connecting candidate strengths to client challenges. Our award-winning, dedicated team of recruiting professionals are specialized by technology, are great listeners, and will seek to find a position that meets the long term career needs of our candidates. We take pride in the over 5,000 candidates that we have placed, and the repeat business that we earn from our satisfied clients. Interested in Applying? Please click apply with your most current resume and anything else yoursquod like us to know about you. You should also feel free to email Bhavana Mathur at bhavana.mmaxonic.com mailtobhavana.mmaxonic.com or call at 408-400-2297.
