Typical Tasks:

RESPONSIBILITIES

" Gathers and documents functional and business requirements and collaborates with other IT staff, project teams and/or vendors to produce desired outputs.

" Ensure technological needs are met by analyzing and documenting business processes and providing related application configuration and support.

" Participates in research to determine if solutions to business requirements currently exist within the organization and if not, whether new solutions are feasible.

" Assesses impact to current and future business and technical environments and processes, evaluating upstream and downstream effects of system and reporting changes.

" Recommends standardized and automated solutions in alignment with IT best practices.

" Coordinates technological changes, verifying test results, and adhering to technical and business standards compliance.

" Troubleshoot problems, identify root cause, and evaluate alternative solutions.

" Works with the business to develop detailed user acceptance test cases and flows, including devising test plans, creating test cases, establishing protocols and appropriate testing environments and coordinated testing.

" Attends meetings to review end user and tracking and trending issues, workflow problems, system capabilities, monitoring feedback, and potential system enhancement needs.

" Communicates effectively with stakeholders both verbally and in writing.

Training and Experience:

Sufficient education, training, and experience to demonstrate the possession and direct application of the following knowledge and abilities.

Education Requirement: Bachelor's Degree in computer science, information systems, business or a closely-related field

AND

Three (3) years' experience providing technical and analytical support in information systems and/or business analysis.

Knowledge of

" Managed care / healthcare experience required

" Business analysis principles and practices (IIBA or similar certification)

" Business process design and workflow

" Use of analytical tools (i.e. relationship diagrams, workflow diagrams, swim lane diagrams, use case models, requirements documentation, business cases, etc.)

" Business case development and quantitative skills

" Testing methodology and validation

" Knowledge of information systems and database structure

" Project management (SDLC)

" Advance knowledge of MS Office Suite Products (Word, Visio, Excel)
