About Trantor

Trantor, Inc., a leading provider of global software services, specializes in Business Intelligence, Software Security, and Web Services solutions. Trantor, Inc. has a proven and demonstrable track record of successful multi shore project delivery since its inception in 2009. Trantor, Inc. is a leading software development company with expertise in both Cloud-based and traditional applications. Trantor understands all aspects and challenges of software development from product and feature definition, though core product development and QA / deployment / ongoing maintenance. We have also developed our own product suite and integrated it to several market applications.

Why Working at Trantor:
We value diverse perspectives and hire specifically to enrich our team with new ideas and experiences.
Learning is a top priority. We actively structure teams and projects to maximize team member growth and opportunity.
We believe in open communication and in sharing opinions, not in micromanagement.
We have a strong work ethic but value life outside of work.
Many of us have worked together at previous companies, and choose to work together again and again because we respect one-another.
Profile Overview:

Trantor is looking for an Salesforce CPQ Business Systems Analyst responsible for planning, leading, organizing, and motivating agile project teams to achieve a high level of performance and quality in delivering agile projects that provide exceptional business value to users.

Requirements

Here’s what you will bring:
Salesforce SteelBrick OR Apttus
CPQ BSA experience in 2 or more projects
Excellent communication skills
Verbal - Interact with business people (Sales and Marketing)
Written - Document requirement for the implementation
Presentation - Articulate business scenarios
Additional Information

We offer you a chance to join a highly motivated unit in a fast-growing and dynamic company, and challenging tasks and opportunities for your future career. Find out more at www.trantorinc.com Follow Trantor on LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/trantor/
