Job Description:

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:
Identify potential efficiency improvements to existing business processes.
Part of the team that will Implement on Angular / Microservices on AWS stack with internal departments including requirements gathering, design, testing, and integration with existing systems.
Automate (where possible) existing business and technical tasks, minimizing the number of manual processes.
Document application integration processes and participate in cross-training.
Identify and learn appropriate applications, data, and processes used and supported.
Facilitate testing, defect resolution, and user acceptance.
Perform post-resolution analysis to ensure problems have been adequately resolved.
Work with the existing team to understand requirements and application functionality/capabilities.
Provide documenting the problem-solving process.
Participate in the design, development, and delivery of software applications and their training programs.
Drive application administration/monitoring activities.
Qualifications:
Strong analytical and writing skills.
Ability to work independently.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, and at least 2 past projects on a similar technology stack.
Strong problem solving and analytical skills.
Attention to deadlines.
Excellent communication skills, including the ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical people.
Excellent organization skills and attention to detail.
Good to have:
SQL Server - Experience with stored procedures, Transact SQL, SSIS packages, Integration Services, and Reporting Services.
SQL Server administration experience is a plus.
SharePoint Experience with SharePoint features, third-party products, SharePoint Designer, web parts, site maintenance, development process, and customization.
Understanding of CSS, HTML, and JavaScript.
The Custom web part development experience is a plus.
Microsoft Office Strong understanding of Word, Excel, and Outlook. Experience with advanced features such as VBA, pivot tables, as well as integration with SQL Server and SharePoint.
ERP Experience reporting from and integrating applications
