Title Navision Business Analyst Location Sunnyvale, CA, USA Length Long term Restriction W2 Only Description W2 Only-No C2COnsite-No RemoteLong term project webcam interview hourly contract or full time with benefits please check our benefits here httpsmsysinc.combenefits Project Overview We are in a need of a Business Analyst within the Sales Distribution functional area to be able to support the Sustaining Operations and Projects needs of the Navision business users. The resource will be assisting the Microsoft Navision end users middot Incidents Triaging within the Navision SD Functional Area and Navision MMPP Functional Area middot Executing Standard Request within the Navision SD Functional Area and Navision MMPP Functional Area middot Documenting the business requirements for the enhancements work middot Participating in the DailyWeekly Operational calls with IT and Business middot Testing and Validating the fixes delivered by the Development team Role Scope Deliverables ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. middot Support Microsoft Navision and related software. Knowledge of Sales and Distribution techniques, methods, and tools. Subject matter best practices. middot Knowledge of Microsoft Navision reporting capabilities. middot Develop IT and end-user documentation for processes and procedures. middot Participate in Service Desk function to resolve user related support calls. middot Prepare and execute test plans for new functionality. middot Publish communication related to the deployment of new functionality. middot Translate user requests into user requirements and program specifications. middot Work with Enterprise Shared Services and programmers to assure compliance to program specifications middot Develop training outlines for end-users and collaborate with documentation specialists middot Liaise with Divisional Management to understand direction within their functional area of responsibility middot Monitor compliance with Service Level Agreements for site. middot Support business initiatives utilizing Project Management expertise. middot Maintain security in compliance with our client's Security directives. middot Ensure compliance to our client's IT Policies and Guidelines. middot Travel can range from 25-50. middot Gather user requirements to develop solutions and alternatives. middot Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs. middot Translate high-level information into details as well as summarize detailed information. middot Communicate and collaborate with users to analyze information needs and functional requirements. middot Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs. middot Work with users to define concepts under direction of project leaders. middot Serve as the conduit between the user community and the software development team through which requirements flow. middot Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates. middot Liaise between the business, technology teams and support teams. middot Comply with company's Global IT Policies Procedures. middot Other duties as assigned. Key Skills Excellent knowledge of business processes and best practices. middot Knowledge of Microsoft Navision in specified area (MMPP OM) middot 3-7 years of business experience in functional area. middot 2-4 years of Microsoft Navision experience. middot 4-year degree or 5-7 years' experience in related area. middot Relevant technical certificates a plus. middot 4+ years of related technical work experience. middot Strong interpersonal and excellent documentation skills are a must. middot Able to assume and complete assignments independently. middot Ability to explain and champion technical concepts to a broad audience. middot Excellent customer service skills required. middot Strong analytical and product management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements. middot Strong project management skills and understanding of project management lifecycle. middot Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts.
