Hi, Role Navision Business Analyst Location Sunnyvale, CA Job Type Contract JD Project Overview We are in a need of a Business Analyst within the Sales Distribution functional area to be able to support the Sustaining Operations and Projects needs of the Navision business users. The resource will be assisting the Microsoft Navision end users 1) Incidents Triaging within the Navision SD Functional Area and Navision MMPP Functional Area 2) Executing Standard Request within the Navision SD Functional Area and Navision MMPP Functional Area 3) Documenting the business requirements for the enhancements work 4) Participating in the DailyWeekly Operational calls with IT and Business 5) Testing and Validating the fixes delivered by the Development team Role Scope Deliverables ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned. bull Support Microsoft Navision and related software. bull Knowledge of Sales and Distribution techniques, methods, and tools. Subject matter best practices. bull Knowledge of Microsoft Navision reporting capabilities. bull Develop IT and end-user documentation for processes and procedures. bull Participate in Service Desk function to resolve user related support calls. bull Prepare and execute test plans for new functionality. bull Publish communication related to the deployment of new functionality. bull Translate user requests into user requirements and program specifications. bull Work with Enterprise Shared Services and programmers to assure compliance to program specifications bull Develop training outlines for end-users and collaborate with documentation specialists bull Liaise with Divisional Management to understand direction within their functional area of responsibility bull Monitor compliance with Service Level Agreements for site. bull Support business initiatives utilizing Project Management expertise. bull Maintain security in compliance with our client's Security directives. bull Ensure compliance to our client's IT Policies and Guidelines. bull Travel can range from 25-50. bull Gather user requirements to develop solutions and alternatives. bull Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs. bull Translate high-level information into details as well as summarize detailed information. bull Communicate and collaborate with users to analyze information needs and functional requirements. bull Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs. bull Work with users to define concepts under direction of project leaders. bull Serve as the conduit between the user community and the software development team through which requirements flow. bull Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates. bull Liaise between the business, technology teams and support teams. bull Comply with company's Global IT Policies Procedures. bull Other duties as assigned. Key Skills Excellent knowledge of business processes and best practices. bull Knowledge of Microsoft Navision in specified area ( MMPP OM) bull 3-7 years of business experience in functional area. bull 2-4 years of Microsoft Navision experience. bull 4 year degree or 5-7 years' experience in related area. bull Relevant technical certificates a plus. bull 4+ years of related technical work experience. bull Strong interpersonal and excellent documentation skills are a must. bull Able to assume and complete assignments independently. bull Ability to explain and champion technical concepts to a broad audience. bull Excellent customer service skills required. bull Strong analytical and product management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements. bull Strong project management skills and understanding of project management lifecycle. bull Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Regards Sharmila P Sensiple Inc E- psharmilasensiple.com mailtopsharmilasensiple.com Ph-201-564-4981
