Our company creates and develops highly complex technologies with productive ALD and CVD systems. Our approach to customer solutions is innovative and revolutionary, and we see it as a personal progression. We collaborate with research centers, universities, and industry partners.

Our company is seeking an experienced SAP Business Analyst with a vast knowledge of the business process and SAP standard procedures.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Provide SAP production support to users and maintain the SAP system of the company and gap analysis.
Create new user accounts in SAP (lock/unlock users).
Check and maintain users profile and roles in SAP.
Provide production support ad troubleshooting in MM, SD, PM, and FI modules.
Carry MASS upload and modify data according to user needs.
Maintain excellent customer service, adhering to service management regulations.
Ensure compliance requirements are maintained as documented and required.
Provide training for SAP system users.
Generate and analyze project-wise cost reports through PS module.
Collaborate with the procurement and logistic team to implement the SAP standard procedure for material transaction.
Propose, test, and implement new projects and procedures in SAP.
Administer departmental databases, such as Access and SQL.
Work with colleagues and other company sites, as needed.
Work with internal and external auditors, as needed.
Interface with vendors and consultants, as needed.
Assist Finance during closing and reporting periods.
Qualifications:
Previous experience in SAP end user support on Materials Management, Project Systems, and Finance.
Knowledge of SAP standard procedure.
Knowledge of customization and configuration in MM and SD module.
Experience with data gathering, gap analysis, checking on configuration, and testing and implementation of new procedures in SAP.
Knowledge on procurement procedures, audit requirements, and compliance.
Experience in generating reports in SD, MM, FI and PS for audits.
Experience on materials requirements.
Knowledge of various types of purchase process and orders.
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint).
Experience with SD & QM module, a plus.
Powered by JazzHR
