AGS,
LLC an Akima Company, specializes in compliant, innovative, and
efficient detention management, health services, and records and document
management services. AGS safeguards some of the most demanding missions facing
key federal agencies including the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S.
Air Force. We offer rewarding and challenging roles as well as competitive
benefits packages and opportunity for career growth. As an Alaska Native
Corporation (ANC), 100
of our company’s profits go back to our 14,300 Iñupiat
shareholders that have resided near and above the Arctic Circle for more than
10,000 years. Our business helps support their way of life and contributes to
the survival of a culture that has thrived in a challenging environment.

Responsibilities:

With little to no supervision, performs a wide variety of
complex technical and administrative services involving but not limited to the
following:
Database development, management and review, project coordination,
quality assurance and other related duties as assigned.
Additional tasks include but are not limited to:
scheduling and attending meetings, taking minutes, travel arrangements and
maintaining calendars.
Will maintain necessary paperwork as well as assist in
the preparation of personnel paperwork and completion of actions assigned.
Create, maintain, and update specified database and or
spreadsheet information on a regular basis in relation to this task and provide
reports as needed.
Develop reporting requirements.
This position provides administrative assistance at the
executive level.
Candidate will assist Director and Senior Managers in
communicating to stakeholders.
Will provide administrative support in accordance with
department rules and procedures.
Minimum Qualifications:
Position requires strong working familiarity with presentation software (i.e. MS PowerPoint and Adobe InDesign.
Must have demonstrated strong computer skills and be able to perform duties relating to matters of department operations, execution of day to day activities as well as long term planning.
Customer Service skills are essential for interacting with internal and external customers.
Preferred Federal Acquisition experience.
Must have HS Diploma or GED Equivalent/ 2 years of advanced education preferred.
Must have at least 4 years of administrative experience.
Working Knowledge of Concur Travel Application.


The duties and responsibilities listed in this job description generally cover the nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. This is not intended to be a complete list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Subject to the terms of an applicable collective bargaining agreement, the company management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as may be necessary. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, gender or gender-identity, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or parental status, or any other basis prohibited by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website.

Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application.

In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application.
