Western Digital
The next big thing in data is you!

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work closely with Sales, Segment Marketing, Pricing and allocation teams to develop the rolling 8 quarters volume forecast for cSSD OEM and PC Embedded products.
Ensure plan alignment with the latest qualification and roadmap updates
Create models to manage segment/account level plans, reflecting share targets, product transitions and allocation for each account.
Manage the overall die allocation for the Client + group and ensure that the financial plans that are submitted are aligned with the supply.
Manage the free of charge customer sample forecast for cSSD.
Work with engineering to define the quarterly budget based on roadmap, customer qual plans and historical data.
Approve sample requests and ensure we stay within budget.
Provide Finance with details on sample budget changes and guidance on sample revenue recognition.
Execution
Work closely with Operations on short-term planning and production plans to ensure attainment of the quarterly revenue goals.
Provide guidance on business priorities and make allocation decisions between customers.
Review attainment (bookings, HUB pulls) by product/customer throughout the quarter
Provide weekly guidance to management on risk/opportunities based on latest demand/supply updates
Ensure alignment with Operations, Biz Ops on ship cut-offs and quarterly targets.
Miscellaneous
Provide financial data to product management for business cases and to engineering to track impact of delays in qualification or quality issues
Represent BMP in PLCT meetings
Education Requirement:
BS in Business Operations or Supply Chain

Experience:
5+ years of experience
Development of models for Supply Chain in Excel/SBase/Tableau
Experience with PC OEM's
Great Communication and Presentation skills.

ABOUT WESTERN DIGITAL®
The future. It’s on you. You & Western Digital.

We’ve been storing the world’s data for more than 50 years. Once, storage was the most important thing we could do for data. Now, we’re helping the world capture, preserve, access and transform data in a way only we can.

The most game-changing companies, consumers, professionals, and government organizations come to us for the technologies and solutions needed to bring meaning and value to their ever-increasing diversity of data.

But we can’t do it alone. Today’s exceptional data challenges require your unique skills. You can be the next big thing in data.

Western Digital® data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.

Western
Digital is an equal opportunity employer.

Western
Digital does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion
(including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy,
childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical
conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression,
and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically
associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin,
sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic
partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition,
genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol
status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected
characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the
characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all
aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the
"Equal
Employment Opportunity is the Law" poster.

Western Digital
participates in the E-Verify program in the US. For more information
click here. Este
empleador participa in E-Verify.

#LI-RZ2
