Job Description
DUTIES:
Act as the liaison between the Program Manager and project team to define business requirements, build test scenarios and establish a business requirements traceability matrix.
Work closely with Project Management, Product Owners, Developers, Quality Assurance and Application Engineering teams to complete and/or support project deliverables related to business case, business analysis, use cases, delivery management, test plans & test cases, test execution, user training guide, post go live support management, and project management & communications activities.
Support teams to implement software requirements and communicate system enhancements.
Manage deliverables for initiatives and adhere to development methodologies.
Assist in the development of user story scenarios and high level business requirements and detailed system & functional requirements.
Conduct research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
Consult frequently with internal users to ensure a complete understanding of their needs and concerns.
Conduct meetings and presentations with stakeholders and business users.
Effectively communicate insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in a technical or business related field required.
4+ years of experience in a successful and professional business/systems analysis and project/program management roles.
4+ years of well developed verbal, written and listening skills
3+ years of relevant experience in MDM, Data Governance, and Data Quality domains
Advanced competency in G-Suite applications, primarily Slides & Sheets.
Excellent documentation, planning, organization, and communication skills to achieve stated objectives.
Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations.
Nice to have - 3+ years of supply chain experience

Company Description
Mackin Talent is a full service consulting firm that has expertise in a number of key areas, including contract labor, which is a key resource when helping clients scale. We also value our employees and work hard to provide them with some of the best employee benefits in the industry. To find out more, visit our website at mackintalent.com.
