Description:

The company is building a world-class Customer Success (CS) organization and we are looking to hire a Sr. Business Analyst who will be part of the Customer Success Insights team reporting to the Sr. Director of Customer Success. The Customer Success Insights team is the Chief Data Office for CS and other functions.

As a Sr. Business Analyst, in the CS Chief Data Office, you will be part of a team building products and tools that leverage the value of customer data. The products and tools are built on a platform of customer data and provide insights that end-users across the company will use to make customers more successful.

Core Responsibilities:
Play a key role in developing, delivering and maintaining inhouse products built on Tableau. This will include helping with data validation and user acceptance testing.
Regularly interact with end-users of the Tableau dashboards: Understand key user requirements, answer data related questions and troubleshoot issues as needed.
Work with an India based development team to drive execution of the roadmap including enhancements to the existing product and development of new products.
Be the operational lead for the Customer Success Systems and Tools. Be the point of contact for data related questions, identify and resolve data lineage issues and other operational issues.
Support role based access control and other administrative activities related to Systems & Tools.
Conduct ad hoc analyses and run reports as needed to support the business.
Effectively communicate insights to Customer Success team members, Account managers, sales engineers and senior leadership.
Create documentation and deliver training on Customer Success tools to enable self-service for internal stakeholders.
Be the primary point of contact for Gainsight administration. ((Experience with Gainsight or other SaaS tools are needed)
Must Have Tableau with Salesforce or Gainsight
Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $65,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Experience:
business analyst: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
