Financial Business Analyst

Share

Job ID: FA-0100-499

Open Since: 2019-11-05

City: San Jose
State: California
Country: United States of America

Job Description:


Frontend Arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain a competitive advantage. We are continuously evolving how we work and how we look at business challenges, so we can continue to deliver measurable, sustainable solutions to our clients.

We are looking for a self-motivated "Financial Business Analyst" with excellent communication and customer service skills.

Job Skills:
Experience with Forecasting, Business analytics, and financial reporting.
Experience with SAP Business Objects and Essbase
Expertise in Python programming
Power-user of MS Excel
Previous experience developing and deploying data visualization Dashboards (Tableau / Qulik View /Power BI)
Requires Bachelors Degree.
Ability to handle large data sets with ease.
Ability to self-start/direct work in an unstructured environment, and comfortable dealing with ambiguity.
Enjoys working in a fast-paced changing environment
Genuine excitement and passion for developing and analyzing large, complex data sets and converting them into the information/insights that drive business decisions at all levels of the organization.
Knowledge of datacenter products preferred
Minimum Experience: 5 Yrs

Roles & Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain and forecast models in alignment with the product life cycles and product configuration rules.
They will be running through Big Data (data mining), organizing the data, generating reports and presenting findings to their management.
Analyze large amounts of data with complex relationships and derive insightful business-relevant operational analytics
Automate the repetitive manual process and drive operational efficiency
Own and maintain dashboards and refresh quarterly / monthly metrics
Collaborate with cross-functional teams in gathering product knowledge and incorporate into forecast and reporting.
Education:

Bachelor's Degree in Engineering
