Location


Cupertino, CA

Position


We're looking for a Tableau Developer and savvy Business Analyst who can process and effectively visualize data from a variety of sources. This position involves working with our consulting and software development teams on active client projects, and interpersonal and communication skills are essential. Requires availability for meetings on-site, primarily in the Cupertino/Sunnyvale area, on multiple days each week.

Requirements
2+ years of Business Intelligence or data analytics experience
Senior-level Tableau knowledge and experience
Business analysis and requirements gathering
Data visualization - building dashboards and interactive visualizations via best practices in data presentation and UX design
Advising and training clients on potential effective uses of Tableau
Documenting and demonstrating to end users how to use our solutions and integrations
Experience aggregating data from multiple sources
Experience scrubbing and importing Microsoft Excel and CSV data sources
Experience with at least two common SQL data sources (e.g. SQL Server, MySQL or PostgreSQL)
Sourcing data from REST APIs
Ability to manage multiple projects and tasks
PREFERRED SKILLS
Tableau certification
Strong background in database structures and database development
Scripting/automation
Training, teaching, and/or business presentation experience
Experience with other analytics or visualization tools
FileMaker platform familiarity

Benefits
Competitive compensation, including a retirement plan and an excellent healthcare package with vision and dental.
Two main Bay Area offices full of friendly people: one in the center of Oakland (near BART) and one in the heart of Cupertino.
Support for employee productivity and continued learning in the forms of hardware, software, learning materials, training, and conferences.

Beez contribute in all the ways they want and can. Beezwax is committed to employee growth, and encourages Beez to develop new ways to contribute.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Looking forward to hearing from you!

Apply

Do you know someone who might be interested? Let them know!
