Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
7 years of experience in integrating custom built solutions with vendor product offerings, particularly Treasury, Financial applications and employee stock option administration.
Experience participating in full-system implementation life-cycles (i.e. analyze, design, build, test, implement, and support).
Experience with SAP Financial Systems.
Preferred qualifications:
Experience implementing SAP Treasury and Risk Management modules
Knowledge of one or more of the following functional areas: Portfolio trading, cash management, FX hedging, treasury operations, treasury accounting, risk management.
Demonstrated track record in working on cross-functional, cross-team projects.
Ability to design, implement, test and maintain subsystems of moderate-to-high complexity. Project management capabilities, with proven track record in leading complex, large-scale projects.
Ability to deal with ambiguity and thrive in a rapidly changing business environment.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; strong analytical skills and a demonstrable bias toward action.
About the job


At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.

As a Business Systems Analyst, you'll help drive projects to improve finance processes that the company manages through the business applications it builds and uses for Treasury. You will work on a range of different types of projects and business processes.

Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
Responsibilities
Partner with internal business teams in developing delivery roadmaps, defining business processes and associated system requirements.
Organize and manage project work to drive predictable delivery.
Participate in system implementation projects (requirements documentation, systems configuration, test documentation/execution, issue identification and resolution).
Support and upgrade implemented systems.
Architect innovative solutions to automate and scale business systems.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
