Mobile Equipment Maintenance and Engineering Business Data Analyst, PC Maintenance

Role Description

The Mobile Equipment Data Analysts will be tasked with various duties in Tesla's Production Control Mobile Equipment Maintenance department. These responsibilities will include writing purchase order request, general office administrative duties, maintaining fleet logs, creating daily, weekly, monthly quarterly and annual reports in reference to the health of the department on efficiency of KPI's, as well as financial health and budgeting forecast. The ideal candidate for this position can demonstrate a history of being well organized, have a strong understanding of Microsoft Office, is PC literate, and able to learn new systems with ease. Work responsibilities will require the candidate to work in the repair shop areas, on the factory floor, and in an office environment.

Responsibilities
Assist with writing technical documents
Manage rental fleet purchase orders and inventory
Maintain office supplies
Set up vendor accounts as required
Updating progress reports for ongoing projects
Track and maintain supplier records
5's Project support
Requirements
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills
Proven excellent computer skills and be able to demonstrate proficiency with MS Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.) Specifically, Microsoft Excel intermediate skill level a must.
Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced office environment, able to multi task, meet critical deadlines with eye for accuracy and attention to details
Daily reconciliation of accruals and management of allocated funds to maintain health of the department's financial health.
Monthly meeting with vendors to ensure accurate accrual of all allocated finds accounted for.
Ability to work with all levels of project staff and organization
Willingness to be hands on with projects throughout the shops.
Willing to learn and understand the business KPI's to assist in forecasting future operations to drive efficiency.
Willingness to accept further expansion of this role as needed for the department's growth.
