Read what people are saying about working here. 

Job Details

Description

Schedule:

Monday - Friday (40 hrs/wk)

8:00 AM - 5:00 PM

Department: R&D Special Operations - 269

Primary Purpose:

The Research Data Scientist develops methods and tools for gathering, storing, manipulating, analyzing, and displaying research and clinical data. The position supports design and implementation of tools and process analyses from a variety of research and clinical testing methods with the goal to advance the state-of-the-art in clinical diagnosis, treatment, data analysis, and reporting. This position will address the critical needs of research and clinical organizations seeking scalability and flexibility for a variety of applications in the field of laboratory medicine.

About ARUP:

ARUP Laboratories is a national clinical and anatomic pathology reference laboratory and an enterprise of the University of Utah and its Department of Pathology. Based in Salt Lake City, Utah.

ARUP proudly hires top talent to create a work environment of diversity, professional growth and continuous development. Our workforce is committed to the important service we provide to over one million patients each month. We always strive for excellence and have a strong desire to have involvement with the advances in medicine and the role laboratory services plays within each patient’s life. We never forget that there is a patient behind every specimen we receive.

We are looking for individuals who want to contribute to ARUP's culture of accountability, integrity, service, and excellence. Consider joining our dynamic team.

Physical and Other Requirements:

Stooping: Bending body downward and forward by bending spine at the waist.

Reaching: Extending hand(s) and arm(s) in any direction.

Mobility: The person in this position needs to occasionally move between work sites and inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.

Communicate: Frequently and effectively communicate with others.

PPE: Biohazard laboratory environment that requires use of personal protective equipment in accordance with CDC and OSHA regulations and company policies.

ARUP Policies and Procedures: To conduct self in compliance with all ARUP Policies and Procedures.

Sedentary Work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects, including the human body.

Qualifications

Education

Required

Bachelor's Degree or better in Health Sciences or related field.

Preferred

Master's Degree or better in Computer Science or related field.

Experience

Required

Demonstrated experience with statistics

Ability to collaborate in a cross-functional environment

Three years’ experience working with one of the following programming languages: Python, Java, C#, Javascript, R

Demonstrated experience working in Linux environment

Preferred

Two years of experience in software development

Experience in data mining or machine learning

Two years of previous scientific programming or tool development experience

Experience working with the following technologies: Bash or similar linux shell; git/github; SQL/NoSQL databases; Web Frameworks (e.g. Django, Flask); Galaxy tool development

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

 The good folks at ARUP Laboratories don't grow pale at the sight of blood. The clinical reference lab performs tens of thousands of tests...
