Dubbed an "open-source unicorn" by Forbes, Confluent is the fastest-growing enterprise subscription company our investors have ever seen. And how are we growing so fast? By pioneering a new technology category with an event streaming platform, which enables companies to leverage their data as a continually updating stream of events, not as static snapshots. This innovation has led Coatue Management, Altimeter Capital and Franklin Templeton to join earlier investors Sequoia Capital, Benchmark, and Index Ventures in the recent Series E financing of a combined $250 million at a $4.5B valuation. Our product has been adopted by Fortune 100 customers across all industries, and we’re being led by the best in the space—our founders were the original creators of Apache Kafka®. We’re looking for talented and amazing team players who want to accelerate our growth, while doing some of the best work of their careers. Join us as we build the next transformative technology platform!

About the TeamThe Business Systems team’s mission is to drive a coherent, integrated backbone of supporting software systems that is architected for growth, efficiency, and scale. The team is responsible for the overall global information strategy including systems design, architecture, and roadmap. The Business Systems team is an agile organization which helps improve company efficiency and support strategic business initiatives in partnership with its respective business stakeholders.

About the RoleThe Senior Business Systems Analyst (BSA) role will be responsible for leveraging business process understanding to capture and assess user requirements to deliver holistic solutions that meet team/company goals. You will be part of a core team responsible for designing, building and maintaining the Salesforce platform and related technologies for the Sales and Marketing departments.
Responsibilities
Work with business partners to define and document user stories, existing and to-be business processes and functional requirements
Effectively communicate business requirements to technical resources for custom development and testing
Deliver Salesforce CPQ and Salesforce.com platform updates as a core member of a team responsible for the design, development, testing and release of enhancements and projects
Judiciously prioritize and manage work across many different workstreams
Triage new requests and set appropriate delivery expectations with business partners
Provide production support for Sales and CPQ systems’ issues
Contribute to cross functional projects for technical development that involve integration between Salesforce and other applications
Contribute to the delivery process evolution for Business Systems, and remain open to adopt policy and process changes in a fast moving environment
Collaborate with the delivery team to go over User Stories and ensuring efficient solutions are delivered in a timely manner.
Develop detailed project plans to monitor and track progress
Provide regular project status updates to stakeholders
Qualifications
1+ years delivery experience with Salesforce CPQ
3+ years delivery experience with Salesforce.com.
Understanding of Lead to Order and New Product Introduction (NPI) processes
Solid agile delivery, project management, and relationship management skills
Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills with a strong customer service attitude.
Ability to clearly articulate to and engage with sales and marketing operational leads and management Understanding of use case modeling, and process modeling
Strong communication, presentation, documentation, and program management skills
Strong problem solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills to set up and interpret logic, data tables, and rule relationships
You have the desire to learn and apply new technologies
Ability to self-train quickly and pick up new skills as necessary
#LI-MT1

Come As You Are

At Confluent, equality is a core tenet of our culture. We are committed to building an inclusive global team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. The more diverse we are, the richer our community and the broader our impact.

Click here to review our California Candidate Privacy Notice, which describes how and when Confluent, Inc., and its group companies, collects, uses, and shares certain personal information of California job applicants and prospective employees.
