Business Process Analyst, Agile Product Owner - CPQLocation(s): Santa Clara, CA/San Diego, CA This position reports to: Director, CRM and Sales Process Company Some great ideas are born in the garage. Others in a dorm room. Or over pizza and beer. Some form like the perfect wave. ServiceNow, the fastest-growing enterprise company over $1 Billion, is changing the way people work. The company was founded on the beach in San Diego in 2004 with the belief that getting simple stuff done at work shouldn't be so hard. And that the complex stuff should be easier to manage. We envisioned a world where anyone could create workflows that worked for-not against-them. The ServiceNow cloud-based platform was built to simplify the way work gets done. Today, every enterprise is becoming a technology company, creating unprecedented challenges, opportunities, and complexity. ServiceNow lets them run smarter, faster, better. And it helps people spend their time on work that's meaningful, not menial. We're disruptive. We work hard but try not to take ourselves too seriously. We are highly adaptable and constantly evolving. We are passionate about our product, and we live for our customers. We have high expectations and a career at ServiceNow means challenging yourself to always be better. Project Overview ServiceNow will implement a commercial CPQ software solution to replace an internal application used by all ServiceNow users who are involved in Product Configuration, Pricing, Quoting, Deal Structuring, Order Management, IB, OTC, and Contract Management. The project will involve re-engineering all sales related business processes, configuring/customizing the software to meet ServiceNow needs, implementing the software and change management activities to ensure successful business adoption. The project will be managed using Agile software development which involves higher levels of user involvement in defining, building and testing the solution. Agile methods will seek to deploy the software in smaller increments requiring multiple "smaller" go live events followed by listening/learning from users, then changing the software or processes to address problems. Job Responsibilities Product Owner (PO) is a member of one or more Agile Teams and is responsible for defining Stories and prioritizing the Team Backlog to streamline the execution of program priorities. The PO has a significant role in quality control and is empowered to accept stories as done. This role has significant relationships and responsibilities outside the local team, including working with Product Management, who is responsible for the higher level Feature Roadmap. Product Owners will be responsible for the following activities: Process Re-Engineering + Participate and contribute as a subject matter expert on Sales, Sales Operations, Quote-to-Cash process redesign + Assist in developing Key Decision content related to process re-engineering + Make joint recommendation to program leaders on Key Decisions During Feature Roadmap Planning + Assist Product Managers in developing and maintaining the feature roadmap for development and release activities + Participate in SAFe Product Increment Planning (PIP) events + During the PIP event, the PO is involved with story definition, providing the clarifications necessary to assist the team with their story estimates and sequencing. The PO also drafts the team's specific objectives for the upcoming PI. During Development Sprints + Work with Product Engineers, User Representatives, developers and testers on scrum teams daily; ideally co-located with the scrum team + Work "two in a box" with the Product Engineer (from IT) to define, build and test user stories + Define acceptance criteria for all user stories + Answer questions and assist in resolving business issues impacting your scrum teams + Work with User Representatives to solicit feedback from end user about story grooming, functionality issues and software demos + Review and provide feedback on features and the feature roadmap as they are developed + Answer questions and help developers make decisions about stories during development and testing + Participate in user testing in sprints + Ensure that the solution being built will work for your constituents + Along with the Product Engineers they accept user stories + Plan and lead the sprint demos and quarterly PI demos During Testing & Release Activities + Contribute defining User Acceptance test scenarios + Participate in User Acceptance testing during sprints and during release preparation + Work with User Representatives to identify users to be brought into UAT when appropriate + Sign off on Release testing prior to a production release + Work with Change Management (CM) team members to create training and communications plans + Assist CM as they develop communications to executives, stakeholders and users of the system + Assist CM as they plan and develop user training + Provide formal input to leaders on Go, No-Go decision making prior to go live + Provide hands on support to users immediately after go-live + Capture problems experienced by end users and report issues to the program team after go-live Additional Skills Required + Candidate should have at least 5+ years of Quote-to-Cash implementation experience and have participated in a minimum of 3 complete life cycle implementations + Exposure to a commercial CPQ application is a must + Partner closely with all major business functions across the quote to cash life cycle, including sales, deal desk, sales operations, sales finance, order management, pricing, product management, invoicing, and revenue finance. + Knowledge of existing sales processes and tools + Ability to work collaboratively with project leadership, Product Managers, Product Engineers, User Representatives and Change Management and other Scrum team members + Ability to listen, interpret and bring feedback to the team + Willingness to roll up your sleeves to resolve design issues, test software and assist with go-live challenges We provide competitive compensation, generous benefits and a professional atmosphere. This is a very collaborative and inclusive work environment where individuals strong on aptitude and attitude will have an opportunity to grow their professional careers through working with some of the most advanced technology and talented developers in the business. ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at (408) 501-8550, or talent.acquisition@servicenow.com for assistance.
