TechTu Business Solutions, Inc. is a California corporation that has been providing IT Solutions and Services since 2005. We have been providing IT services for the past 14 years for Corporate clients, Public sectors, and other agencies within the states of Maryland, Arizona, California, Vermont, and Ohio. One of our clients in Pleasanton, California is looking for Salesforce - Business Analyst with Salesforce Admin Certification. Job Description Requirements Salesforce.com system experience is mandatory. Salesforce admin or equivalent certification required. Project coordination skills Service Cloud Experience Excellent verbal and written communication skills ability to communicate effectively with different levels within the organization as well as collaborate with cross-functional business partners and technical teams. Ability to gather and transfer requirements from stakeholders into an action plan and deliver on that action plan leveraging internal systems as needed. Attention to detail with the ability to analyze and solve complex problems as well as provide documentation, guidance, and instruction to users. Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to research solutions to issues as they arise. Ability to manage stakeholder expectations professionally. Ability to work independently, with general direction and guidance. Self-motivated, flexible, team player with solid multi-tasking, time management organization expertise with the ability to manage multiple and often changing priorities. Proficient in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio. bachelorrsquos degree in business systems, Computer Science, Business Administration, or equivalent. Responsibilities Define, document, and maintain business processes, requirements, and policies. Look for ways to continuously improve processes procedures. Manage and support operations related initiatives identified by the Professional Services management team. Identify opportunities for business process improvements and make recommendations as appropriate. Provide project and monthly metrics coordination and support. Work with team to understand and prioritize field requests. Manage the queue to provide prompt support to end users including consulting ecosystem to resolve issues and address questions. System testing of new functionality or bug fixes. Thank you.
