At Rocketship Public Schools, we believe in the infinite possibility of human potential. We believe that every student deserves the right to dream, to discover, and to develop their unique potential. And it is our responsibility and our privilege to unleash the potential inside every Rocketeer we serve. Our non-profit network of public elementary charter schools propels student achievement, develops exceptional educators, and partners with parents who enable high-quality public schools to thrive in their community. We are a collective of parents, teachers, leaders, and students working together to transform the future for underserved communities across our country. At Rocketship Public Schools, we are unleashing potential.

The Financial Analyst is a full-time, exempt position and will participate in budgeting, forecasting, long-range planning, monthly and quarterly reporting, and tracking KPIs relevant to the organization. The successful candidate will be proficient in Excel and Powerpoint and be comfortable working with large financial data sets, have working knowledge of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), experience using planning and reporting software, and the ability to work in a team environment with collaborative cross-functional working relationships.
Key Responsibilities
Evaluate results to plan, drive variance analyses, and provide timely and accurate reporting to Finance, School leaders, and external stakeholders
Participate in the monthly close, in partnership with Accounting
Analyze historical, current, and projected financial data for use in planning, forecasting, and management decision making
Help advance the integration of Adaptive Planning into FP&A’s daily workflow and identify areas for process improvement
Perform various ad hoc analysis for finance and leadership
Develop strong, collaborative relationships with key stakeholders across the organization
Qualifications
Minimum 5 years relevant finance experience, including monthly close, quarterly reporting & annual operating planning processes
Bachelor’s degree with an emphasis in Accounting, Finance or equivalent. MBA preferred
Commitment and passion for Rocketship’s mission, vision, and goals
Strong understanding of financial statements & GAAP
High level of intellectual curiosity, self-motivation, and attention to detail
Ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities in a dynamic environment and manage deadlines accordingly
Advanced Excel and modeling skills
Strong analytical, organization and communication skills (both written and verbal) with the ability to work independently and interact effectively with all levels of management
Working knowledge of Adaptive Insights or a similar SaaS financial reporting tool
Experience working for a cause or an organization that is bigger than oneself, and being an Activist for the Organization
Physical Demands:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the functions. While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to talk, hear, and communicate with both adults and children. The employee frequently is required to use hands or fingers, handle or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee is frequently required to stand; walk; sit; and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds and occasionally climb ladders. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is moderate to high.

Compensation:
Commensurate with qualifications and experience, plus excellent health and welfare benefits, 403b retirement plan, flexible spending account (FSA), and generous paid time off.

Rocketship Public Schools provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Rocketship Public Schools complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Rocketship Public Schools expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Rocketship Public Schools’ employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated. Click here for our Sexual Harassment Policy and here for our Title IX Policy. For questions, concerns, or complaints, please contact Equity/Discrimination Title IX Compliance Officer, Address: 350 Twin Dolphin Drive, Suite 109, Redwood City, CA 94065. Phone: 877-806-0920 ext. 115.
