DUTIES:
Act as the liaison between the Program Manager and project team to define business requirements, build test scenarios and establish a business requirements traceability matrix.
Work closely with Project Management, Product Owners, Developers, Quality Assurance and Application Engineering teams to complete and/or support project deliverables related to business case, business analysis, use cases, delivery management, test plans & test cases, test execution, user training guide, post go live support management, and project management & communications activities.
Support teams to implement software requirements and communicate system enhancements.
Manage deliverables for initiatives and adhere to development methodologies.
Assist in the development of user story scenarios and high level business requirements and detailed system & functional requirements.
Conduct research and analysis into the nature, effect and results of system problems.
Consult frequently with internal users to ensure a complete understanding of their needs and concerns.
Conduct meetings and presentations with stakeholders and business users.
Effectively communicate insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
Provide support for any tool issues or challenges that may arise.
Provide ongoing reporting as requested by the business.
Collaborate with leads to tackle ongoing issues list and partner on continuous improvement with enhancements.
Ability to work cross functionally with other departments to achieve goals.
REQUIREMENTS:

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelors degree in a technical or business related field required.
4+ years of experience in a successful and professional business/systems analysis and project/program management roles.
4+ years of well developed verbal, written and listening skills.
Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
The ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions.
Excellent documentation, planning, organization, and communication skills to achieve stated objectives.
Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations.
A track record of following through on commitments.
Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills.
Ability to work & contribute independently and drive results & desired outcomes in a team-oriented work environment.
Preferred Qualifications
Strong analytical and organizational skills, detail orientation, and interpersonal skills.
Strong group / workshop facilitation skills.
Ability to lead cross-functional teams to deliver project results.
3+ years of relevant experience in MDM, Data Governance, and Data Quality domains
3+ years of supply chain experience.
Advanced competency in G-Suite applications, primarily Slides & Sheets.
EDUCATION:
BA or BS
