Job Title: Data Analyst

Company

Work matters. It’s where we spend a third of our lives. And the workplace of the future is going to be a great place. We’re dedicated to bringing that to life for people everywhere. That’s why we put people at the heart of everything we do.

People matter. Our people have a passion for learning, building, and innovating. Whether you’re an engineer, a sales professional, a finance professional, or anything in-between, our roles aim to provide each person with meaningful impact and plenty of space to grow.

Team

This is a new team within the Data and Analytics organization. The team is fast-paced while managing highly accurate detailed information. We collaborate and support every business unit within ServiceNow.

Role

This role supports the Enablement efforts for the Data and Analytics team. Through direct involvement, tracking, analysis and training, this team is charged to increase adoption of the insights dashboards that are being created by this team for every business unit.

What you get to do in this role:
You will provide insights and deep analysis being sought by users/business stakeholders
Work with Cross Functional Analytics team members to curate and assimilate insights
Grow into being SME on business functions
Gather business requirements from stakeholders on various analytics initiatives
Analyze requirements, determine optimal solutions and determine gap from current state, dependencies and ways to mitigate risks
Develop business requirements documentation, process workflow diagrams, functional specifications, user acceptance test scripts and other supporting documentation for Business Intelligence and Analytics initiatives
Develop dashboard and report prototypes and mockups with respect to the UX/UI Best Practices and have impactful UI Design
Ad-hoc reporting and analysis of usage data
Communicate status regularly with stakeholders


In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:
Bachelor’s Degree in IT, Analytics, Business Intelligence or related field required
0 to 2 years of industry experience
Ability to analyze data coming from myriad data sources, mine and analyze and derive value from it to improve business SQL and other computer programs (Python, R is preferred)
Ability to visualize the results in the previous step by putting together simple and easily consumable dashboards using reporting tools
Working knowledge Tableau, Power BI is a plus
Strong analytical and problem-solving ability and be able dive into technical details and design analytics solutions
Must have good communication, presentation, and documentation skills
Capable of using Microsoft Project, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Visio or similar products
Business process design, project management, and/or Agile SDLC experience a plus
