eBay is a global commerce leader that allows you to craft how the world buys, sells, and gives. Youll be part of a work culture thats been genuinely committed to diversity and inclusion since its founding more than 20 years ago. Here, you can just be yourself, do your best work, and have a meaningful impact on people across the globe. We are looking for people with drive, ideas, and a passion for helping small businesses succeed to help craft the future of eBaydoes this sound like you? If so, wed love to talk to you!

About the team:


We play an instrumental role in connecting people with the things they need and love, anytime, anywhere. The Americas help deliver a personalized shopping experience and flawless access to inventory from down the street and around the world, as well as tailored shopping experiences, including customized buying and selling. eBay seeks to drive growth into new markets and drive value in the shopping and selling experience through building, accelerating, and disrupting. The team is comprised of marketing, merchandising, operations, business selling, consumer selling, and shipping. Our responsibilities include all aspects of the region including operations in the US, Canada and Latin America.

Job Description


eBay is looking for a hardworking insight professional with a strong market research and consultation background to join our Customer Research & Insights organization. As a Senior Market Research Analyst, you will be responsible for overseeing global research programs and generating significant insights to advise business partners on where to play and how to win with customers. You will focus your efforts around brand health, corporate reputation, customer experience measurement and more. This position requires strong analytical and strategic acumen, as well as the ability to distill actionable insights from large amounts of data. This individual is a key hire within a growing team and will be responsible for crafting and implementing a series of research initiatives to generate insights and drive actions that will directly impact eBays business and its customers.

Primary Responsibilities:
Handle global continuous research programs end-to-end to answer eBays most critical business questions. This includes prioritization, designing, executing, delivering results and continuously exploring ways to innovate and have impact at scale
Apply the right analytic approaches to complex business problems to build compelling, insightful storylines that illuminate opportunities and threats to driving brand and business growth
Develop and maintain positive relationships with strategic agency partners and develop a global agency partner management program
Build and publish reports and make informed recommendations to key stakeholders and influencers that lead to action
Conduct quantitative and qualitative studies that provide guidance on how to prioritize and win with customers in key market segments
Build strong relationships with a diverse set of cross-functional business partners to understand their challenges and priorities, define research roadmap, and drive actions through insight delivery
Required Experience:

3-5 years of related work experience in a strategy, market research and/or customer insights role
Proven track record for defining and managing large scale, global research programs (qualitative and quantitative)
Background in brand health, segmentation and customer experience research is vital
Proven track record to distill actionable insights from sophisticated data and explain findings to clients in a digestible and compelling manner
Strong verbal communication skills and experience with senior level client presentations and meetings
Collaborative attitude that allows you to work across a global organization to build a plan, get alignment, and execute it
Highly motivated, team oriented, self-directed & possess a driven personality capable of working within tight deadlines
Ability to build out new programs, frameworks and best practice approaches
Bachelors Degree in market research, statistics, economics or related field. Sophisticated Degree highly desirable
About the Position:

The position is a full-time role within the Global Customer Research & Insights organization
Location is flexible for the right individual and may require occasional travel to the San Francisco bay area and/or other locations as needed
Benefits:


Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether youre single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.

Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isnt just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about eBays Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
