The Business Systems Software Engineer acts as a liaison between IT and business functions (Finance, Ops and Marketing) to analyze complex business problems and translates business needs into actionable requirements by gathering enough information to define a solution and drive clarity to make rational decisions. Solution focus areas include custom solution design and development, vendor selection of new SaaS products and integrations to other in-house applications. Works with the Consumer Operations and Accounting teams to architect solutions using the most appropriate technologies - considering cost, time-to-market, and serviceability. This critical role will define the initial business system requirements for a new business channel and product line, drive system / vendor evaluation, resourcing strategy and ultimately, project and program management for delivering solutions for the business.

Job Responsibilities:
Work closely with business partners to understand business processes, goals and gaps.
Drive the planning, prioritization, design, development and deployment of new projects.
Lead integration projects with ODM / suppliers and 3PL / fulfillment partners
Create detailed specifications for business applications/connections
Participate in the change management and go live support processes.
Facilitate review sessions with functional owners, subject matter experts and end-user representatives.
Maintains a high-level familiarity with other IT system / business application capabilities and scope definition to make recommendations about potential upstream/downstream integration or functionality intersection points.
Coordinate and perform system testing to ensure requirements are met. Work closely with the project team during user acceptance testing (UAT); including tracking issues through to resolution and securing end user acceptance sign-off.
Requirements:
10+ years of IT experience
Preferred Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, Computer Engineering or equivalent technical degree OR extensive experience (6+ years) as subject matter expert in Operations or Finance/Accounting
Proficiency in object-oriented API calls and XML/JSON programming.
Software programming experience a plus
Experience administering and using key business systems: ERP, CRM, CPQ
Experience supporting multiple integrated systems in an Enterprise technology environment
Experience implementing, customizing and integrating third-party applications within Finance, Supply Chain, HR, Marketing processes and flows
Possesses excellent problem solving, organizational and analytical skills
Strong customer service and interpersonal skills necessary to build and maintain relationships and interact well across all levels
End to end implementation experience including requirements documentation, systems configuration, project management, issue management, communication and change management.
Agile / SCRUM experience preferred
Self-motivated team player with clear and effective communications skills; solid time management & organization skills; ability to manage multiple and often changing priorities.
Strong attention to details is essential. Ability to analyze and solve complex problems as well as provide documentation, guidance and instruction to users.
Demonstrated ability to learn and embrace new technologies, applications, and solutions.
Proven experience working in a fast-paced environment with shifting priorities and lack of guidance
#LI-BL1
