Job Description
Stanford Federal Credit Union (SFCU) is a top 100 mission-driven credit union serving the Stanford community (faculty, students, staff, hospitals, and alumni) as well as over 250 market leading businesses including Amazon, AT&T, Cisco, Costco, Daimler-Chrysler, Genentech, Facebook, Google, Oracle, Pinterest, Roche, Samsung, SAP, Tesla, Verizon, and many others. Stanford FCU was the first financial institution in the country to offer the convenience of online banking. Innovation, quality, and member convenience continue to be a top priority as we draw on Stanford University’s innovation and our high-tech community.

We are seeking excellent problem solvers who have a passion for data and a relentless focus on execution and delivery. You will be most successful with a balanced combination of both technical skills and business acumen. The Business Intelligence Analyst is primarily responsible for the preparation, production, and validation of numerous reporting outputs for the Credit Union. Will focus on normalizing and standardizing internal and external data in order to provide accurate and consistent reports. This position will work closely with key representatives of other business units to accomplish Credit Union priorities. This role works independently to complete excellent and precise work, you will generate insights by conducting extensive analyses of SFCU’s data. You will also apply industry best practices to writing reports, conduct research, analyze data, and make recommendations to improve effectiveness and efficiency.

Major Duties and Responsibilities:
Monthly and other reporting responsibilities
Training and development
Automate, document and maintain current reports
Analyze, understand, interpret and explain data trends to identify opportunities
Continue to tune reports and code to enhance data analysis
Quarterly and annual reporting
Software utilization
Administrative, meetings.
Knowledge & Skills

Experience
A Bachelor’s Degree and 5+ years work experience, preferably in the areas of business and data analysis
5+ years of experience on DNA and in banking and/or financial services
Must have experience in Tableau, Oracle Database/relational database, SQL, Alteryx
2+ years of experience using query tools against a database to analyze data quality and content
Experience with the following will be highly desirable; Python, R, Predictive Analysis.
Education/Certifications/Licenses
A Bachelor’s Degree and 5+ years work experience, preferably in the areas of business and data analysis
Interpersonal Skills
Excellent communication, leadership and collaboration skills
Strong team management skills
Competency with leading Business Intelligence and analytical tools
Effective Consulting and Facilitation Skills
Advanced decision making and problem solving skills
Business acumen, knowledge and professionalism
Other Skills
Strong analytical, problem solving, and work management skills
Customer-focused ability to communicate across all levels of the organization
Proactive leadership style; self-starter and strong attention to detail
Ability to demonstrate working knowledge of relational databases and database structures
Proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, MS Project, Visio, SharePoint).
Please Note: SFCU does not provide work visa sponsorship or accept visa transfers for any positions. Applicants that require work visa sponsorship or transfer will not be considered for employment. SFCU does not provide any relocation benefits for any positions.
Company Description
We are a full service financial institution owned and operated by nearly 50,000 members of the Stanford Community, including Stanford University, Stanford Hospital & Clinics, Lucile Packard Children's Hospital and SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. Our assets are over $2 billion, and the quality of our expansive line of financial products and services is unmatched in the industry.

At Stanford Federal Credit Union (SFCU), benefits are an integral part of our total compensation package.
Each person's situation is unique. Therefore, choice, wherever possible, is a key component of our benefits. Each benefit helps meet an important need. Because we know it is the contribution of every member of the team, we want to recognize and reward each of you. That's why we provide competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefit program.
