Q2 - Technology Analyst - Oracle EBS r12 Apps (San Jose, CA)

07/14/2020

Job Description
Infosys is seeking an experienced Oracle EBS Technology Analyst with Implementation / Upgrade / Support experience. In this role, you will be a technology professional adding value to a gamut of Software Development lifecycle stages. You will create detailed design artifacts like program specifications, test plans; and independently develop and review code and contribute to the go-live plan. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with some of the best talent in the industry to create innovative high quality and defect-free solutions to meet our clients’ business needs. You will be part of a learning culture, where teamwork and collaboration are encouraged, excellence is rewarded, and diversity is respected and valued
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education
At least 2 years of experience with Information Technology.
U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. we are not able to sponsor at this time
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of San Jose, CA, or be willing to relocate to the area. This position may require travel.
Knowledge and experience with full SDLC lifecycle
Preferred
Oracle EBS Techno-Functional skill set with relevant experience in Oracle Applications (R12) related projects.
At least 2 years of experience in software development life cycle, Project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects.
At least 2 years of experience in Design and architecture review.
Ability to work in team in diverse/ multiple stakeholder environment
Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment
Nice to Have:
Experience in below mentioned areas:
Should have experience in large scale and complex R12 implementation projects having worked in interfaces, reports and extensions.
Should be well versed with Oracle Apps technology stack including PL/SQL, Forms/Reports, XML Publisher, OAF, Java, Workflows etc
Implementation experience from requirement gathering, gap analysis, implementation, development, customization, testing till post production support.
Relevant experience in Finance / Supply Chain business processes
Experience in performance tuning aspects.
Experience with change control/release management activities
The job entails sitting as well as working at a computer for extended periods of time. Should be able to communicate by telephone, email or face to face. Travel may be required as per the job requirements.

About Us

Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.

With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.
To learn more about Infosys and see our ideas in action please visit us at www.Infosys.com .

EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin

Auto req ID
57864BR

State / Region / Province
California

Country
USA

Interest Group
Infosys Limited

Role
Technology Analyst - US

Company
ITL USA

Work Location
San Jose, CA

External Job Title
Oracle Apps EBS R12- Technology Analyst
