Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we're committed to our work, customers, having fun and most meaningfully to each other's success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey.Role:As Senior Salesforce Business Systems Analyst you will play a key role within the Sales Technology team at Splunk, working closely with leadership and internal customers as we transform our go-to-market capabilities. Working cross functionally with a broad set of business partners, you will use keen business process understanding, appreciation for simplicity and quality, critical thinking, and a bit of elbow grease to craft holistic solutions that meet business and technology objectives while furthering Splunk's long-range goals.Job DescriptionYou will be part of the core team that is responsible for designing, building and maintaining the Salesforce platform and related technologies supporting the sales and marketing organizations. Come join a collaborative and growing organization where you can make a difference.What you'll do: Yeah, I want to and can do that.* Drive system enhancements* Capture and assess user requirements* Explain complex systems and technical topics to partnersRequirements: I've already done that or have that.* 7+ experience designing and supporting large scale, technically complex solutions on Salesforce and associated ecosystem* Experience facilitating the maintenance of and enhancement to the Salesforce.com platform for sales and marketing teams.* Experience driving system enhancement efforts to completion by capturing and assessing user requirements with business partners and provide configuration, development and application support to the teams enabling enhanced productivity, reporting capabilities and collaboration.* Experience supporting efforts to grow the platform through new applications and technology* An ability to explain complex systems and technical topics in a clear, concise manner to others who may have minimal technical knowledge using oral, written and visual presentationsFunctional skills:* A deep understanding of B2B sales and marketing processes* Strong problem solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills to set up and interpret logic, data tables, and rule relationships* The desire to learn and apply new technologies* An ability to self-train quickly and pick up new skills as necessary* An understanding of cloud offerings market space concepts* Effective interpersonal skillsPreferred knowledge and experience: These are a huge plus.* Salesforce Certifications* Agile CertificationsEducation: Got it!A Bachelor's degree is preferred preferably in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or equivalent years of industry experienceWhat We Offer You: Wow, I want that.* A constant stream of new things for you to learn. We're always expanding into new areas, bringing in open source projects and contributing back, and exploring new technologies.* A set of extraordinarily hardworking, innovative, open, fun and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support.* Growth and mentorship. We believe in growing engineers through ownership and leadership opportunities. We also believe mentors help both sides of the equation.* A stable, collaborative and supportive work environment.We don't expect people to work 12 hour days. We want you to have a successful time outside of work too. Want to work from home sometimes? No problem. We trust our colleagues to be responsible with their time and dedication and believe that balance helps cultivate an extraordinary environmentThis isn't a job - it's a life changer - are you ready?Splunk has been named one of San Francisco Bay Area's "Best Places to Work" by the San Francisco Business Times, ten years in a row. We offer a highly competitive compensation package and a plethora of benefits.Splunk is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which the candidate is applying. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
