KAYGEN is an emerging leader in providing top talent for technology based staffing services. We specialize in providing high-volume contingent staffing, direct hire staffing and project based solutions to companies worldwide ranging from startups to Fortune 500 and Managed Service Providers (MSP) across a wide variety of industries

Job Description.
Key Responsibilities
Define, measure and track key metrics to guide execution across multiple teams in the org
Build dashboards and reports for teams and business leaders and stakeholders to promote transparency and enable smart decisions
Build qualitative and quantitative models to deepen understanding of platform operational performance, and predict potential delivery risks
Leverage analytics to drive process improvement
Communicate in clear and concise manner for actionable changes focused on improving velocity, predictability, and efficiency

Qualifications
7+ years' experience in data analysis within tech industry
Technical expertise in data modeling, system and data base design development, and data mining techniques
Proficient in writing SQL queries on SQL Server, MySQL , Oracle.
Strong experience working on Business Intelligence tools: Power BI is a MUST, Tableau desired.
Need to have experience in creating calculated measures and columns with DAX in Power BI Desktop. (Aggregate, Date, Logical, String, Level of Detail etc)
Expert in setting up the necessary connection details and scheduling reports on Power BI Report Server, providing row level security, creating bookmarks etc.
Strong knowledge of programming/scripting language highly desirable
Strong analytical skills and detail oriented: ability to get to the root cause of problems and devise an analytical approach to reach actionable answers

At KAYGEN, we are always looking for dynamic, talented and experienced individuals. We invite you to join our team of talented IT professionals, consulting at client locations across the globe. Our culture is team-orientated; we strive to stand by our core values of respect, honesty and integrity. Our team of experienced staffing experts will work with you to find you the best opportunity. For more information please visit us at www.kaygen.com.
