Oracle CPQ Business Analyst

Share

Job ID: FA-0100-429

Open Since: 2019-09-10

City: San Jose
State: California
Country: United States of America

Job Description:


Frontend Arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain competitive advantage. At Frontend Arts, we are continuously evolving how we work and how we look at the business challenges, so we can continue to deliver measurable, sustainable solutions to our clients.

We are looking for self-motivated "Oracle CPQ Business Analyst" with excellent communication and customer service skills.

The ideal candidate should have overall business/functional analysis experience with at least 5+ years of experience on the Oracle Big Machines CPQ platform.
Ability to clearly understand business requirements and convert them into a functional design, and to collaborate with business analysts and users to define solution approaches.
Having experience on Big Machines platform features, setups and technology including BML and BMQL. Programming experience with BML is a plus.
Strong understanding of sales processes like opportunities, CPQ quoting, BM commerce, model configurations, pricing, discounting, promotions, approval matrix, and sales orders.
Good experience on Big Machines data model, data architecture, and data management, and familiar with integrations with other systems like salesforce.com.
In-depth understanding of the capabilities and constraints of the Big Machines platform.
Must be a confident self-starter individual who can completely own the delivery of high value work products.
Ability to communicate effectively with business users, management, and team members.
Planning and analytical skills as well as the ability to communicate ideas and plans verbally and in writing.

Minimum Experience: 5 Yrs

Roles & Responsibilities:
Work with business users to understand and document their business processes and requirements.
Understand the current implementation and architecture of client's Oracle Big Machines CPQ, including platform configuration and processes integrated with salesforce.com.
Perform mapping/gapping based on the requirements and Oracle Big Machines platform features, keeping in mind the existing implementation of CPQ.
Configure working prototypes in a development sandbox if required, and validate and refine prototypes.
Document the functional design and solution approaches.
Highlight the benefits of recommended approaches and any business process improvements from the suggested solutions.
Conduct meetings with business users and IT personnel, and publish status and progress reports. During projects, clearly communicate project task status to key stakeholders.
Work with IT personnel to highlight any changes needed in the current implementation to achieve business requirements.
Assist with release planning and execution.
Trouble shoot issues in the CPQ environment and in related integrations.
Must have a strong understanding of sales processes.
Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated organizational skills and detail orientation with ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
Education:

BS or MS degree in Business Administration, Information Systems, Engineering or a related field.

Oracle Big Machines certifications.

Optionally, Salesforce.com certifications.
