About AbbVie
AbbVies mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on peoples lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, womens health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.

Job Description

Envision working with energetic colleagues and
inspirational leaders. Now, place yourself in that mix; leading discussions,
asking the right questions and driving results.
All while wearing jeans to work!

Business
Analyst
WHAT YOUR NEW MANAGER WANTS YOU TO KNOW:

Im looking for an
analytical storyteller, you are responsible for bridging the gap between data
and the business using analytics to assess processes, determine requirements
and deliver data-driven recommendations and reports to executives and
stakeholders. If you are looking to promote your career in the pharmaceutical
industry supporting Allergan Aesthetics growing business, I would be very
interested in receiving your resume. Lets discuss what you can bring to the
team and what you aspire to do in the future.
Sincerely, Manager Workforce Planning


YOU ARE more than just a title, YOU ARE
A Leader in Critical Business Decisions. You
will use your deep contact center operations experience to manage multiple
markets and call type groups that will help advise an ever-changing operational
model. You will be responsible for the implementation of solutions for complex
business problems. You will have the opportunity to design and develop
information models, perform data analysis, and create qualitative reporting
solutions to enable the business to make critical business decisions.
A Creative Thinker. You
will drive analysis models that deliver options to manpower challenges in a
proactive manner to various business support teams within the Austin Customer
Operations. You will build knowledge of the organization, processes and
customers.
YOU WILL:
Work well with data. Conduct insightful
analysis using internal and external data
Support the business
effectively.
Partner with internal tools to build scalable reports and dashboards in support
of business needs
Drive operational
excellence
that supports cross-functional partners, and ensure the smooth running of
weekly, monthly and quarterly business rhythms
Leverage technical
abilities
to drive process improvements and automation efficiencies around headcount
planning, reporting, and ongoing communications to key stakeholder
Drive decision-making
and prioritization
for the business through analyzing data, identifying trends, and developing
best practices
Act as a leader for the
business.
Process, analyze, and interpret data sets to make business recommendations and
decisions
Creatively think ahead. Build dashboards using
data visualization software (e.g., ThoughtSpot), including using advanced
functionality (e.g., data blending)
Collaborate and lead. Develop meaningful
relationships with all operational leaders. Effectively handle and lead
multiple tasks/projects independently
Develop/Manage
benchmarks/KPI's
within the major areas of operations to include staff performance to ensure
optimization of resources
Analyze project metrics
and create reports
on process performance against project initiatives and goals to support the
businesses objectives
Qualifications
YOU BRING:
MS Excel skills and
experience in working with the following Microsoft Suite and Reporting
Platforms: VBA, MS Excel, MS Access, SQL and/or MS Access skills required
Experience with
forecasting volume
Experience gathering unstructured data to produce insights
and reporting using Excel
Problem-solving and analytical experience
Experience communicating to various levels within an
organization
Excellent time management track
record
Experience
with Nice inContact
Capacity
Planning/forecasting experience is strongly desired
Contact Center
management experience in a scaling environment preferred
Strong analytical
capabilities with an understanding of statistical modeling
BA or BS degree in
business or a related field is preferred

LEADERSHIP SKILLS:

For this role, were looking for a leader who
is:
Excellence Focused
Optimistic
Open and Authentic
#LI-KJ1

Equal Employment Opportunity
At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity employer we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.
