PLAYSTUDIOS is the developer of award-winning casual games for mobile and social platforms, including POP! Slots, myVEGAS Slots, myVEGAS Blackjack, and my KONAMI Slots. The apps are powered by the company’s groundbreaking playAWARDS loyalty platform, which enables players to earn real-world rewards from more than 70 iconic hospitality, entertainment, and leisure brands across 15 countries and four continents. playAWARDS partners include MGM Resorts International, Wolfgang Puck, Norwegian Cruise Line, Resorts World, Gray Line Tours, and Hippodrome Casino, among others. Founded by a team of veteran gaming, hospitality, and technology entrepreneurs, PLAYSTUDIOS apps combine the best elements of popular social games with exciting casino gaming mechanics. To learn more about PLAYSTUDIOS, visit www.playstudios.com

We’re looking for an experienced QA Analyst to the my KONAMI QA team. You will work with the other more senior QA members to help the highest quality standards and reliability in our games. You are highly organized and a top-notch communicator and collaborator. You should also have strong knowledge of test-strategy development, release planning, and risk mitigation. Details are listed below.

Responsibilities
Develop, maintain, and execute test plans.
Work together with cross-functional teams - communicating risks, defects and coverage reports.
Follow the QA strategy, process and methodologies to help ensure full. coverage and the highest quality standards in my KONAMI slots.
Provide QA sign off on product release readiness.
Understand and practice the product quality bar for performance.
Requirements
Minimum 2+ years experience in QA.
Games experience is a must.
Experience testing iOS, Android, web-based applications and Server.
Working knowledge of JIRA and Confluence.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Thorough understanding of the complete Mobile Game test cycle.
Experience with Agile Development.
Adept at problem-solving and able to adapt quickly to changing business needs/timelines to make decisions and meet quality standards.
Passion for QA and enthusiastic game player and a passion for creating high quality and high production value games and gaming experiences.
Benefits and Perks
100% health benefits coverage for you and your dependents!
Performance-based bonuses.
401K plan and stock options.
Flexible vacation policy.
Great downtown Austin location with extensive nearby dining options and vibrant nightlife.
Employee-driven entertainment, happy hours, and team-building events.
Catered lunches multiple times per week.
Snacks and drinks available in the kitchen.
Casual work environment.
An open, collaborative work-space.
PLAYSTUDIOS is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will be considered regardless of their sex (includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, and related medical conditions), race, age, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, military or veteran status, or other protected category under the law.
