We are looking for a Senior Business Analyst with experience in analyzing business systems, users and client needs. Identifying system gaps, run agile ceremonies, document requirements and communicating them to a wide group of stakeholders will be key responsibilities. An ideal candidate will have strong facilitation, communication and interpersonal skills, attention to detail, and an ability to build relationships with all levels within the organization. Financial services background are highly desired. Profile and Job Responsibility Partner with other stakeholder teams across business units to develop necessary analysis and documentation in a collaborative way, communicating effectively and efficiently with managerial and executive teams. Lead requirement analysis and design discussions with users, technical and business stakeholders and run all agile ceremonies with teams. Construct workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications based on current and future state. Be adept at decomposing high-level business needs into user stories and explaining detailed technical concepts at a high level. Collaborate with developers, product managers, subject matter experts and users to communicate the proposed solution vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs. Devise solutions based on business problems. The designs include requirements documentation, graphical representations (UML diagrams), and presentations that describe the desired solution or product feature. Documentation will include business process flows, security access matrix, data mapping tables, integration diagrams, RACIs, application prototypes, user stories and specific, testable functional requirements. Using Solid understanding of project management practices, SDLC and Agile deliverables, manage requirements delivery to: create and review backlog, plan sprint releases, manage releases builds and deployments, manage release expectation and communication with product management and users. Proven ability to lead teams, create action plans & resolve obstacles to achieve deadlines. Demonstrated ability to create a positive and professional business relationship with business and technology stakeholders at all levels. Qualifications 3-5 years of experience functioning as a business analyst within a mid to large organization Expert experience with requirements gathering and management in Agile and Waterfall project approaches. Detail oriented and critical thinker. Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously. Must be comfortable in rapidly changing and sometimes ambiguous work situations. Comfortable working independently, adapting to shifting priorities, demands and timelines in a fast paced environment Keen attention to detail and complex problem solving abilities from operational and technical perspective. Ability to work independently and engage other team members as needed Ability to handle full workload and meet proposed deadlines Expert written and oral communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse groups, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Experience in Agile development methodology/Scrum Experience with Financial Industry is strongly preferred. About LPL Financial: LPL Financial is a leader in the retail financial advice market and the nations largest independent broker/dealer*. We serve independent financial advisors and financial institutions, providing them with the technology, research, clearing and compliance services, and practice management programs they need to create and grow thriving practices. LPL enables them to provide objective guidance to millions of American families seeking wealth management, retirement planning, financial planning and asset management solutions. LPL and its affiliates have more than 4,200 employees with primary offices in Boston, Charlotte, and San Diego. *As reported by Financial Planning magazine, June 1996-2019, based on total revenue. Our Culture: If you join LPL, you will join a culture that believes in delivering a world-class client experience and looks to all employees to contribute to that goal by sharing their creativity, experience, and passion for continuous improvement. As a destination of choice, our top priorities are growth and development, social responsibility, and financial health for our employees. We offer competitive compensation and industry leading benefits, including a wellness facility with onsite fitness classes, healthy meal choices, and a walk-in clinic. We support employee financial health through a 401k match, ESPP, and employee discounts. Work/life balance is our foundation and is supported through paid holidays, and paid time off (including time to volunteer). We foster a diverse work environment through Employee Resource Groups and diverse strategic partnerships. Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning lifes aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE. Information on Interviews: LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lp l.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicants bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPLs Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.
