GrantWorks provides planning, project development, and grant program management services for community and economic development, disaster recovery, infrastructure, housing, parks and recreation, transportation, disaster relief, coastal protection and access, and other activities that promote physical and economic well-being for more than 400 local government clients across Texas.
GrantWorks is seeking a data systems analyst to work in Austin, Texas, supporting disaster recovery efforts in Texas. Applicants should have experience in developing and implementing workflows in data management or grant management systems, preferably using Microsoft Dynamics 365 software. Tasks may include interpreting, designing, modifying, and implementing new or revised systems based on input from grant manager users and state agency IT staff.
Key Responsibilities:
Work with stakeholders to gather system requirements and communicate requirements to development team.
Translate established and developing procedures into well documented application workflows.
Analyze, develop, track, and compose new enhancements to the grant management system.
Troubleshoot system related issues. Assist in formulating logical descriptions of problems and devising optimum solutions.
Effectively communicate technical concepts to technical and non-technical staff and to clients.
Serve as communication liaison between program implementation and IT staff.
Assist state technical staff to develop applications, processes, reports and dashboards to meet end users’ needs.
Coordinate development of tools for efficient and effective data transfer and database connections to agency’s system of record.
Develop and implement effective techniques to manage data.
Solve problems and complete tasks through independent work and as part of a team.
Perform related work as assigned and complies with client policies.
Preferred Skills/Experience:
Three (3) or more years’ experience in developing and maintaining data management systems and analysis/reporting tools as a data system administrator, analyst, developer, or similar role.
Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365, SharePoint, Visio, and MS Office products, report and dashboard development.
Experience working with federally funded programs, particularly disaster response and recovery grant programs is a significant plus.
Graduation from an accredited post-secondary program in computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, or a related field. Education and experience may be substituted for one another.
Certified Data Management Professional or Certified Information Management Professional or similar certification preferred.
Ability to present technical information in verbal and written form to non-technical users.
Ability to manage multiple projects and stakeholder interests with timeliness, accuracy, and quality
Understanding of budgets and research techniques.
GrantWorks provides a full benefits package. This position may be based at a local client office in Austin.

Please send your cover letter, resume and 3 references to jobs@grantworks.net


GrantWorks is an Equal Opportunity Employer
