52909050 HHSC Competitive Solicitation I. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES Texas Health and Human Services Commission requires the services of 1 Business Analyst 3, hereafter referred to as Candidate(s), who meets the general qualifications of Business Analyst 3 Category, Core Technology Type and the specifications outlined in this document for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission. All work products resulting from the project shall be considered "works made for hire" and are the property of the Texas Health and Human Services Commission may include pre-selection requirements that potential Vendors (and their Candidates) submit to and satisfy criminal background checks as authorized by the Texas law. Texas Health and Human Services Commission will pay no fees for interviews or discussions, which occur during the process of selecting a Candidate(s). The Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC) Claims Management Division (CMD) is responsible for overseeing the 1915(c) Waivers Migration to the Texas Medicaid Healthcare Partnership (TMHP) Long Term Care On-line Portal projects affecting Medicaid recipient service authorizations, functional assessments and approvals. This project touches multiple long-term care processing applications including Texas Medicaid and Healthcare Partnership (TMHP) Long Term Care Online Portal , ID CARE, LTC Provider System and the Service Authorization System Online (SASO). These systems collectively are part of the Texas Medicaid Management Information System (TMMIS). This Worker will act as a Business Analyst and their role on the project will be as a Product Owner for Community First Choice (CFC) IDD Assessment. Worker will have considerable latitude to use their experience and judgment to ensure successful completion of their assigned tasks. The Worker will be able to multi-task, analyze priorities, communicate clearly, and set expectations for the phases of the project. The Worker will be responsible for communicating with multiple internalexternal stakeholders including executives, contractors, technical staff, program staff, and TMHP staff. The services to be provided include, but are not limited to, the following Analyzes program policies, procedures, and initiatives to determine the impact on business systems and functional areas. Analyzes and reviews complex project deliverables such as project charters, business user requirements, design documentation, test plans, and risk assessment plans to ensure business requirements are met. Acts as a Product Owner and liaison between State Staff and Vendors to translate operational and business requirements to vendors. Reports project statuses to management based on established timelines. Analyzes and writes User Stories with Acceptance Criteria based on business needs and according to the Agile methodology. Develops business user test scenarios and participates in systems and user acceptance testing. Identifies potential project risks and issues and develops mitigation strategies. Manages schedule for deliverables as established. Other duties as assigned. OTHER SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS In submitting a resume for this solicitation, the vendor attests to their compliance with e-verify for the submitted candidate. E-verify requirements are outlined in Appendix A, Section P. Immigration, of the Standard Terms and Conditions for Information Technology Staff Augmentation Contract. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Vendor acknowledges that before a Purchase Order can be issued the selected candidate must sign and return the HHSC Information Technology Staff Augmentation Contractor Integrity Agreement, HHSC Form 4710. II. CANDIDATE SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Minimum Requirements Candidates that do not meet or exceed the minimum stated requirements (skillsexperience) will not be considered for this opportunity and the resume will not be submitted to the customer. Years RequiredPreferred Experience 8 Required Experience identifying project risks and issues and developingimplementing mitigation strategies. 8 Required Experience reporting project status to management including risks, issues, and key decisions 8 Required Experience translating business needs into technical objectives and identifying solutions to satisfy the business need. 8 Required Experience in effective general writtenoral communication, including documenting requirements, deliverables, test scenarios and project status. 8 Required Experience utilizing business analysis skills and interacting with business end users and technical staff. 8 Required Experience performing review and approval processes of complex technical user and system requirements written by vendors. 5 Required Experience with Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, etc.). 5 Required Experience coordinating changes to user and system requirements. 5 Required Experience coordinating and developing test strategies 5 Required Experience with Microsoft Project or similar project management software. 3 Required Experience utilizing the Agile methodology or other form of adaptive software development methodology. 3 Required Experience working in a team environment. 3 Preferred Knowledge of Texas Health and Human Services programs. 2 Preferred Experience with Medicaid Long-term Care programs. 2 Preferred Experience with Texas Health and Human Services programs. III. TERM OF SERVICE Services expect to start 07302020 and are expected to be completed by 08312020. Total estimated hours per Candidate shall not exceed 184 hours. This service may be amended, renewed, andor extended providing both parties agree to do so in writing. IV. WORK LOCATION The primary work location(s) will be at 701 W. 51st Street, Austin, Texas 78751. Any and all travel, per diem, parking, andor living expenses shall be at the Candidate's andor Vendor's expense. Texas Health and Human Services Commission will provide pre-approved, written authorization for travel for any services to be performed away from the primary work location(s). Pre-approved travel expenses are limited to the rates and comply with the rules prescribed by the State of Texas for travel by its classified employees, including any requirement for original receipts.
