We are looking for Business Analyst for our client in Austin, TX Job Title Business Analyst Job Location Austin, TX Job Type Contract Job Description The Business Analyst is someone who analyzes an organization or business and documents its business or processes or systems, assessing the business model or its integration with technology. Duties Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions. Study product samples and discuss them with Design and Development. Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies. Design and develop supporting documentation for products (e.g., user manuals). Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems. Understand and translate complex information for users of varying backgrounds, experiences. Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings. Periodically review all documentation for timeliness, accuracy, and usefulness make correctionsupdates as needed. Performing requirements analysis. Develop documentation for a variety of media (print, PowerPoint, video, etc.). Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management. Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports. Working closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff. Manage updates and revisions to technical literature. Research, develop, and document technical design specifications and test scripts. Performing user acceptance testing. Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users. Able to write in explanatory and procedural styles for multiple audiences. Skills and Qualifications Required 7 years of expertise in written and oral communications. 7 yearsrsquo experience communicating with customers to obtain business requirements, documenting those requirements, and tracking and documenting the specifications associated with those requirements. 7 years relies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. 5 yearsrsquo experience in the field of public health as a senior Business Analyst. 5 years Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a public health organization or a related HIV private sector medical institution. 4 yearsrsquo experience analyzing raw data using Excel, etc. 4 yearsrsquo experience following test scripts to participate in User Acceptance Testing. Preferred 5 yearsrsquo experience reporting to executive management. 1-year experience to Understands Electronic Information Resources (EIR) accessibility and security requirements. 1-year experience managing projects using commercial applications serving as health registries.
