Currently, we have an opening for Healthcare Business Analyst with our direct Client in Austin, Texas. The position details are given below. If you are interested please apply. Job Title Healthcare Business Analyst Duration 6+ Months (with the possibility of extension) Location Austin, Texas Job Description The Business Analyst is someone who analyzes an organization or business and documents its business or processes or systems, assessing the business model or its integration with technology Job Duties Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions. Study product samples and discuss with Design Development Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies. Design and develop supporting documentation for products (e.g., user manuals) Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems. Understand and translate complex information for users of varying backgrounds, experiences Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings. Periodically review all documentation for timeliness, accuracy, and usefulness make correctionsupdates as needed Performing requirements analysis. Develop documentation for a variety of media (print, PowerPoint, video, etc.) Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports. Working closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff. Manage updates and revisions to technical literature. Research, develop and document technical design specifications and test scripts. Performing user acceptance testing. Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users. Able to write in explanatory and procedural styles for multiple audiences CANDIDATE SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Minimum Requirements Candidates that do not meet or exceed the minimum stated requirements (skillsexperience) will not be considered for this opportunity and the resume will not be submitted to the Client. Years RequiredPreferred Experience 7 Required Expertise in Written and oral communications 7 Required Experience communicating with customers to obtain business requirements, documenting those requirements, and tracking and documenting the specifications associated with those requirements 7 Required Relies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. 5 Required Experience in the field of public health as a senior Business Analyst 5 Required Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within public health organization or a related HIV private sector medical institution 4 Required Experience analyzing raw data using Excel, etc. 4 Required Experience following test scripts to participate in User Acceptance Testing. 5 Preferred Experience reporting to executive management. 1 Preferred Understands Electronic Information Resources (EIR) accessibility and security requirements. 1 Preferred Experience managing projects using commercial applications serving as health registries
