Your Opportunity


The Data Analytics and Insights (DAI) team is part of the broader Digital Services organization at Charles Schwab. DAI is primarily responsible for providing data analytics and reporting support for our business partners, including Investor Services, Advisor Services, Digital Services, and others. This role, specifically, will be supporting the Branch Network, which is part of the Investor Services organization. Investor Services is responsible for helping individuals and families with their financial needs, including retirement planning, charitable giving, estate planning, active investing or managing banking and lending needs. The DAI Branch team supports the Retail Branch Network, providing quantitative analytics designed to measure performance and enhance the sales process.

What you are good at


The Sr. Manager, Business Analysis role will identify, monitor and provide analysis of key metrics for the Branch Network, with the goal of identifying process improvements and areas of risk. In addition, this role will be responsible for working with business partners to elicit, capture, and prioritize business requirements, and working with BI developers to translate those requirements to functional, dynamic deliverables. The Business Analyst will take part in and help plan daily scrum meetings, as well as other Agile/Scrum ceremonies, and will help define the product roadmap for our reporting applications and analyses. Additionally, the role will be a point of contact for business partners needing consulting support in relation to projects that impact the Branch Network.

The ideal candidate will have experience with writing business requirements, data mining and analysis. They should understand sales business models and be able to associate data to sales activities in the field. A balance of analytical expertise and business experience is helpful.

Key Areas of Responsibility include:
Serve as consultant to key DAI business partners to understand business needs, and help determine solutions
Partner with Branch Leadership to understand sales needs and support evolution of the Branch Network
Elicit, capture and document requirements for reporting and analytical needs for the Branch, and help to size and prioritize those requests against the existing roadmap
Provide ad hoc analyses as needed to help understand what’s happening in the business, and to provide decision support for Branch leaders
Work with developers to translate requirements into reporting and analytic dashboards, to provide sales insights that can be acted upon by the field
Help run daily Scrum meetings, as well as sprint planning and retroactive sessions as part of the Agile/Scrum team
Provide QA support for deliverables, and help to manage the release process for new reporting/analysis as well as enhancements to existing products
What you have
Bachelor’s degree or 8+ years equivalent experience
3 - 5 years’ experience with data analysis and business process mapping
Proficiency in SQL, Jira, Business Objects or Tableau
Proficient with Microsoft Office products – Word, Excel, & PowerPoint with an emphasis on Excel skills
Strong communication skills required, both oral and written, to be delivered on multiple levels within the organization
Financial Services experience desired but not required. Knowledge of Schwab Branch Network is a plus
Strong analytical skills – ability to analyze large data sets, derive key insights, and communicate ideas that can transform business processes and/or strategy
Ability to provide focus and direction in response to dynamic and unpredictable situations
