Since launching in 2010, WP Engine has become the world’s leading WordPress Digital Experience Platform (DXP), now with over 130,000 customers in 140 countries. We’re proud of the technology and service we offer our customers that move their businesses forward faster. At WP Engine, we strive to do the best work of our careers and feel empowered to do what is right for our customers. We love investing in employee success and uncovering opportunities for you, the best, to get better. 99 percent of employees believe you’re made to feel welcome at WP Engine. Be you. Be here.

What's cool about this role.


The Finance team is responsible for improving strategic and financial decision-making across the company. Business partners will rely on you for insight and trust you to help tackle hard problems. At WP Engine, we believe that good ideas can come from anywhere, and you'll collaborate with others, form intelligent opinions, and present your thoughts to decision-makers and the executive team.

The day to day.
Work closely with business leaders to identify drivers and levers to enable the business to forecast more accurately and evolve the financial/operating model
Provide decision-making support for business partners through financial modeling and data analysis
Craft strong business partner relationships to drive financial results and understanding throughout the organization
Produce monthly and quarterly variance analysis and commentary to identify risks and opportunities versus budget/forecast
Track and monitor expenses related to various business functions
Perform ad hoc tasks as needed
Your skills and expertise.
Bachelor's degree, preferably Finance, Mathematics, Statistics, or related fields
You have 2+ year of financial analyst experience preferably within a high growth environment
Knowledge of financial concepts and unit economics
A self-starter that brings critical and creative thinking
Passion for and expertise in building financial models
Experience conducting financial/operational analysis
Experience working and analyzing large data sets; SQL knowledge is a plus
Proficient with MS Excel and PowerPoint
Adaptive Planning or experience with using other financial planning tools
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
At WP Engine, we strive to have the broadest possible view of diversity, going beyond visible differences to include the background, experiences, skills, and perspectives that make each person unique. WP Engine is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.
