Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Austin, TX, USA

Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Business or related field, or equivalent practical experience.
5 years of experience gathering requirements and refining business processes.
Experience managing the full implementation lifecycle for delivery of systems solutions (analyze, design, build, test, implement, support).
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field.
5 years of experience driving vision, strategy and roadmap for enterprise systems and applications CRM, Incent or Sales space.
5 years of experience in Sales Cloud or related systems, such as Callidus Incent, Anaplan, Salesforce Sales cloud, Service Cloud, CPQ and common appexchange products and integrated Sales Cloud ecosystem.
Ability to deal with ambiguity in a rapidly changing business environment.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills and analytical skills.
About the job


At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.

The Cloud Sales Systems team is responsible for the technology programs that enable Google Cloud to go to market, enterprise ready, at Google scale. Our team partners with product, sales, engineering and other cross-functional partners to develop systems, tools, and processes. We empower our sellers and channel partners with the tools and data they need to be more productive and successful.

As a Cloud Sales Systems Plan to Pay Business Systems Analyst you will focus on the functionality and strategy for business systems related to planning, territory and quota, credit, and incentive compensation.

Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
Responsibilities
Partner with Google executives and other key stakeholders to deliver on strategic priorities for Google Cloud, and define internal and external business processes to achieve those objectives.
Identify and analyze data sets to drive execution of planning activities related to accounts, planning models, quota models, transactional data, and credit payouts.
Participate in planning events and prioritization across the Cloud Systems organization including program increments, solution architecture, enterprise architecture, and roadmap prioritization.
Support and guide the development of requirements and user stories for features to empower our Direct and Channel Sales teams.
Work with partners to drive adoption and change management as well as gather end users feedback, while developing a shared vision for capabilities in and across the Sales Domain.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
