Forcepoint is transforming cybersecurity by focusing on what matters most: understanding people’s intent as they interact with critical data and intellectual property wherever it resides. Our uncompromising systems enable companies to empower employees with unobstructed access to confidential data while protecting intellectual property and simplifying compliance. Based in Austin, Texas, Forcepoint supports more than 20,000 organizations worldwide. For more about Forcepoint, visit www.Forcepoint.com and follow us on Twitter at @ForcepointSec.

Business Analyst, Customer Experience

The Customer Experience Analyst will deliver analysis of customer experience, digital experience, voice & text, social media, operational performance and other data streams to identify, recommend and support business enhancement strategies to improve the overall performance of each client. This position works on an analytic team to assess key customer, internal and other processes that have an impact on the customer journey. The Customer Experience Analyst also designs and implements initiatives to improve the customer journey and/or client internal processes. The Customer Experience Analyst will interpret data, identify root causes, build client relationships and contribute to the development of improvement efforts.

Essential Functions/Core Responsibilities
Demonstrate experience in applying contemporary improvement techniques and producing results for a function and/or business unit.
Organizes and analyzes customer satisfaction data to identify trends, statistics, and issues to be shared with stakeholders to create and monitor resolution plans to increase customer satisfaction, KPIs, and other strategic/business decisions increase customer satisfaction, KPIs, and other strategic/business decisions.
Researches and uses competitive comparisons and metrics to increase customer satisfaction, KPIs, and other strategic/business decisions
Monitors and evaluates voice of the customer (VOC) data sources to identify and assess gaps in the customer experience.
Acts independently or engages appropriate SME to resolve customer concerns, as quickly and accurately as possible, to improve the customer experience.
Assists leaders with strategic planning, project management and roadmaps.
Continuously drives reporting improvement and efficiency by simplifying and automating where possible, eliminating redundancy across the organization, refining metrics, and building new reports to recommend actionable solutions to support decision-making, in support of continuous improvement of customer experience and language services.
Develops reporting on key metrics. Distributes reports to business stakeholders on a regular basis.
Proactively delivers the most real-time, actionable customer insights possible, leveraging all tools and resources available to provide actionable solutions, participates in problem resolution and monitors and tracks improvement plans.
Collaborates with key internal partners to identify and understand customers’ underlying needs to recommend business solutions that address root causes of customer pain points.
Uses and establishes departmental processes for cultivating, analyzing and acting on customer feedback to drive an exceptional customer experience and effectively respond to customer needs.
Maintains VOC project plan
Analyzes qualitative and quantitative data and identifies opportunities. Performs analysis of large client data sets and provides recommendations for improvement related to the project with limited direction. Proactively determines areas for drill-down focus and conducts follow-up analyses to understand the drivers of performance gaps.
Conducts planning, data collection, data cleansing and data linkage in preparation for analysis.
Reviews and documents current processes as part of gap or root cause analysis and input to improvement initiatives; identifies gaps that may be contributing to overall business and CX results. Reviews client documentation related to the initiative and conducts assessments.
Candidate Profile
Bachelor’s degree in related field from a four-year college or university with three to five years related experience
Strong analytical thinking as well as problem solving skills; proven ability to apply quantitative data analysis techniques to improve work processes.
Strong organizational and project management skills.
Strong problem-solving skills; proven experience in consulting or improving business and/or CX processes.
Able to establish a course of action for self to accomplish a series of specific goals while using appropriate resources.
Good written and oral communication skills; strong interpersonal communication and ability to work well in teams.
Strong client service orientation
Experience with contact centers, customer satisfaction or CX data analysis is preferred
Experience with statistical concepts and applications
Experience working in an environment where work activities and deliverables are dependent on a diverse group of technical and business functional experts.
Experience working in an emerging and rapidly changing environment.
Demonstrated ability to meet deadlines, even in a demanding and changing environment
Ability to travel periodically.
Must have proficiency with contemporary analytic technologies.
MBA a plus
Six Sigma training and green belt certification a plus
Experience with speech and text analytic tools and/or other AI tools a plus
