Posted: Apr 16, 2020
Role Number:
200141448
Apple Maps is changing, and data is in the driver’s seat. Our mission is to build the best map in the world. We work in a dynamic data-focused environment where Business Analyst are given runway to own big projects and drive impact across the Maps organization.We are looking for a talented and experienced Business analyst, to build data products (Data models, dashboards and data analysis) for the Operations and Operations Development teams.
Key Qualifications
8+ years of experience working with data analysis.
Experience with accessing data stored in Hadoop-Hive, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and/or SPARK
Working knowledge of SQL/HiveQL for accessing data, Tableau for presentation and R / Python for model building.
Data modeling experience in building Logical and Physical data models
Skills:
Ability to work with large datasets to extract meaningful analysis and information.
Good interpersonal, written, verbal communication with presentation skills.
Attention to detail, data accuracy, and quality of output
Sharp troubleshooting skills to identify and resolve issues in a timely manner
Great teammate
Description
The technical business analyst will work with various teams to deliver data, dashboards, and insightful and performance-optimized analysis to facilitate business decisions. You'll serve as a key partner of operations and engineering team, serving the needs of the Maps organization to analyze various data sets. This role provides analytics for pilot programs to support operations in business analysis and decisions. IIlustrate critical metrics to help guide pilot operations in effective business management. Identify trends, areas of opportunity for operational performance enhancements and create presentations to convey analysis to influence strategic decisions. This role will require working with multiple large data sets to parse them as required for analysis, documenting the processes, logic and reasoning for each dataset. Conduct analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis and ongoing deliverables and presentations. Design meaningful metrics to measure success of maps business processes and devise ways to measure them from various data signals. Predictive analysis required to forecast timelines for overall project as well as within various process flows and business segments.
Education & Experience
CS, Statistics, Physics, Operations Research, or similar quantitative domain.
