Cognosante is on a mission to transform our country’s healthcare system. We are a health IT Company who helps public sector organizations do everything from strategic consulting and acquisition support to application development, data integration, data standards, and business process operations. Learn how we are making a difference in people’s lives today!

Job Description

Cognosante is seeking a Business Analyst to support the Veterans Affairs (VA) Financial Management Business Transformation (FMBT) in Washington, DC and Austin, TX. The Budget/Business Analyst will verify, track, report, schedule, organize, and document new user requirements and update systems. They will develop programmatic processes for functional requirement documents and new user requirements. The Budget/Business Analyst will coordinate the review and analysis of functional specifications leading to design modules and program specification requirements. They will perform configuration management. They will provide administrative support. The Budget/Business Analyst will plan and analyze requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. They will coordinate the implementation, documentation, testing, operation and maintenance of program modules. The Budget/Business Analyst will consult with other engineers or technical staff to evaluate interface between various system components or elements. They will evaluate proposed solutions and perform with some latitude for unreviewed actions and decisions.

Key Responsibilities
Assist with the implementation of Momentum financial management software at the Department of Veterans Affairs
Collaborate with client stakeholders to understand business needs and processes and elicit clear, concise user requirements supporting the business case
Define “as-is” and “to-be” business processes; conduct and document gap analyses
Requirements management and analysis using specified VA tools
Translate user requirements, into simplified, well-organized user stories accompanied by clearly defined acceptance criteria
Collaborate with an Agile team to facilitate development and testing in support of user requirements
Use business requirements to drive the design or review of test cases, process change requests, and help manage project scope, product acceptance, installation and production deployment
Required Qualifications
BA/BS Degree
3 Years of Experience
Candidates that do not meet the required qualifications will not be considered.

Preferred Qualifications
3 years experience supporting Momentum implementation
Experience working in a SAFe Agile environment
Experience working with Cabinet Level Agencies including the Department of Veterans Affairs
Strong customer relationship capabilities
Excellent problem-solving skills
Ability to foster collaborative work in dynamic team environment
Management skills to select, develop, mentor, and motivate team members
Ability to interact with partners and clients
Ability to communicate clearly with all levels in an organization, with both verbal and written communication skills
Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Power Point, Project, Visio, One Note, Outlook)
Active VA Public Trust (High-Risk) clearance or must be able to pass a background check to obtain a VA Public Trust (High-Risk) clearance
