Senior Business Intelligence Analyst


Classification: Exempt Position

Primary Responsibilities

IntelliDyne is seeking an individual to play a key role in our emerging Big Data and Advanced Analytics practice area, working in the Austin, TX area. This is an exciting opportunity for a business and data-oriented technologist to develop real solutions using Big Data and business intelligence architectures and work with our growing team to create new analytic products & service offerings. The qualified candidate will have experience with the Microsoft Power BI business intelligence platform, databases, and ETL development and have a collaborative spirit.

Required:
A Bachelors Degree in Operations Research, Mathematics, Computer Science, Cost Accounting or related scientific or technical discipline.
Experience in the effective use of data provided by cost estimators to create overall cost versus benefit assessment while considering functional benefits, technical performance, risks, and schedule concerns.
Minimum 5 years experience
Microsoft Power BI, Qlik, or Tableau dashboard development experience
Experience with SQL-based RDBMS
Experience with ETL, data prep, data quality, data cleansing, data normalization techniques
Client-facing communication skills
Ability to develop efficient data models for use in BI applications
Ability to meet moderate level background check or higher
U.S. Citizenship required
Desired:
Master's degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Math/Statistics, Engineering, or related field
Experience in data mining, statistical, and/or machine learning techniques to enable data-driven decision making
Business related course work highly desired
Experience in an ML engineering or data science role building ML or predictive models
Experience with other programming or scripting languages (e.g. Python, R)
Eligibility for Top Secret Clearance or similar background check for other Agencies
About IntelliDyne

IntelliDyne, LLC is a market-leading IT Services firm that has been delivering Above and Beyond consulting services to Government and Commercial clients for more than a decade. In fact, many of our first clients have enjoyed the Above and Beyond consulting experience so much that they are still partnered with us more than 20 years later. Why? Because IntelliDyne's exceptional personnel fuse industry expertise, experience, science, process, and innovative technology solutions together to help client organizations transform and realize outstanding performance outcomes. On matters of national, state, and local importance, Government organizations rely on IntelliDyne for Above and Beyond consulting services and solutions in Defense, Homeland Security, Law Enforcement, and Civilian.

IntelliDyne is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
