The Mission

#WeAreEA and we exist to inspire the world to play. EA values creativity, pioneering, passion, determination, learning, and teamwork. We mean things like acting with curiosity, speaking up with original ideas, and committing to each other as one team.

Were looking for all the best kinds of people to make great experiences for our players. The best people want a job that inspires them, while giving them room to enjoy their lives. And we want to give them that. We celebrate diversity and inclusion by creating a place where you can come to work and be yourself.

Role Overview:

Business Intelligence Analyst II (6 Month Contract) Worldwide Customer Experience

We are looking for a business intelligence and dashboard expert who loves building actionable dashboards, loves to explore, and understand and be excellent at data and data visualization. You will own things including, working with Insights, WWCE business stakeholders, and IT teams to build new dashboards while ensuring accurate data and user-friendly interfaces of the dashboards.

Key Responsibilities:
We are looking for a visualization expert who takes data and visualizes it into insights, insights into stories, and stories into actionable recommendations. Bring examples to show during the interview.
The Business Intelligence Analyst will work within the Business Analytics team to develop and support interactive data visualizations used across the enterprise.
Oversee report development, testing, and delivery through working with developers, business analysts, and management.
Manage development, testing, delivery, and maintenance of R/Python scripts used in automation where applicable.
Minimum Qualifications:
2+ years experience with Tableau
2+ years of hands-on experience visualizing and reporting on quantitative data with a focus on business intelligence visualization
1+ years of experience or working knowledge with a statistics coding tool such as R or Python
Database query experience (Custom SQL design, MySQL, Postgress, and/or Snowflake)
Bachelors degree required. Background in computer science, math, marketing, economics, or other quantitative discipline is preferred.
Experience with dashboard development / innovative visualizations that showcases business performance that is user-friendly and easily absorbed by business stakeholders
Preferred Qualifications:
1+ years of web analytics experience
Experience with Salesforce
Experience working with Call Center Data and/or Operations function
