D.R. Horton, Inc., the largest homebuilder in the U.S., was founded in 1978 and is a publicly traded company on the New York Stock Exchange. It is engaged in the construction and sale of high quality homes designed principally for the entry-level and first time move-up markets. The Company also provides mortgage financing and title services for homebuyers through its mortgage and title subsidiaries. Please visit our website at www.drhorton.com for more information.

D.R. Horton, Inc. is currently looking for a Business Analyst IIfor their Financial Services IT Department. The right candidate will, with some supervision, clearly identify, define and document the business needs and customer requirements of the SBUs within DHIFS and communicate these to the information technology staff. Act as liaison between the SBUs and IT to ensure system development and implementation proceeds as anticipated. Designs appropriate application systems structures which will provide a solid foundation for well-written and reliable application programs.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Performs necessary investigation, analysis and evaluation to determine feasibility for IT related projects.
Advise the appropriate people on the implications of existing IT systems that can be applied to a problem.
Develops and/or evaluates previously refined data and programs and select from a range of alternatives to determine the appropriate action to be taken.
Develops or assists in the development of work plans, specifications, task sequencing, and the extent to which tasks may be performed concurrently
Assists the Project Manager in estimating resource needs for analysts, programmers, user personnel, consultants, equipment, etc
Receives some supervision; performs most routine duties independently; discusses or seeks approval on complex matters with the Project Manager or B.A. III.
Develops time schedules, conversion, and test procedures for all aspects of system, from manual handling through computer processing.
Education and/or Experience
Fifth year college or university program certificate; or four to six years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
BS or BA degree in computer science, business administration, or related technical field is preferred
2 – 4 years of systems design work experience or relevant financial services experience
Major systems development and implementation experience
Understand project management and control
Ability to communicate ideas and problem solutions
Ability to effectively work with people in other departments and/or outside of the enterprise
Must have 1 – 2 years experience in a relevant position within the financial services industry
Must be customer service oriented
Come join a winning team with a Fortune 500 company! We are growing fast and are looking for enthusiastic attitudes and team players to join our success. We offer an excellent benefits package including vision, medical and dental. Build YOUR future with D.R. Horton,
America's Builder.

Come follow our newest Open Jobs on Twitter and like us on Facebook!
