Job Description
WE ARE A TRANSFORMATIONAL PARTNER

We marry design and engineering language in ways that produce impactful and memorable experience journeys. We partner all the way to continuously improve our clients’ digital maturity. Our Studio network brings the optimal combination of skill, scale, and cost for each stage of the product development lifecycle. And to do this we need great transformational people that want to impact the projects and organizations that they work with.

We are looking for an exceptional and passionate Technical Business System Analyst to work with our cross-functional team, and join our world-class community of talented experts. Core to this need are:
Create, evaluate, and present technical business cases, "as-is" and "to-be" business processes, "current" and "future" technology integration design recommendations to colleagues, management and business customers.
Explain complex application functionality in a manner that can be understood, articulate ideas and solutions to influence others toward a desired outcome or solution; answer technical questions to support the case.
Drive User Story generation across business and technology teams to support a healthy backlog of capability development within assigned project scope.
Assess the current processes, identify opportunities and propose the future system with an improved design and system flow.
Manages and documents the business process redesign and functional specifications for the implementation of business solutions.
Ability to effectively partner, collaborate, and communicate with technical and non-technical colleagues at all levels.
Works with a team of development, operational, and transformational resources to design, develop/configure, test, and release new solutions or applications.
Use a variety of data analysis and organizational tools to support IT solutions.
Conducts data gathering and analysis to troubleshoot the data issues.
May assess the current processes, identify opportunities and propose the future system with an improved design and system flow.
Ensure what’s delivered meets business objectives and expectations.
Advocates a culture of change and continuous process improvement across the organization.
Creates business process maps, exception scenarios, and informer on test plans and procedures.
Present technical and business requirements to client and internal teams, with ability to speak to the whys and hows of the details
Able to effectively contribute in a fast paced work environment.
Qualifications/Skills:
Bachelor’s Degree in appropriate field of study or equivalent work experience.
Good understanding of Cloud implementations and general web development
Must have SQL experience along with .Net
Must have Cloud XP with micro services knowledge
Understanding of relational databases and distributed systems
4+ years of business/ process analysis on technical platforms and applications.
Advanced understanding of modern software development methodologies.
Advanced understanding of modern software development tools.
Applied experience in agile development teams, SAFe is preferred, along with understanding of waterfall and the transition between the 2 methodologies
Strong understanding of how business requirements are gathered, analyzed and documented as well as translated into technical specifications.
Highly adept user of MS Excel, and common data analytics tools required.
Detail oriented, analytical and inquisitive.
Ability to work independently and with others.
Extremely organized with strong time-management skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work with offshore teams and accommodate time zone differences.
Strong verbal and written English communication skills required.
We are a thriving Community of top technology talent that is globally connected. We Engage, Make, Run and Evolve the technology that makes many brands that you know and love. So let’s take this journey together. No matter where you are on your digital career roadmap, we can help you grow and have fun doing it.

Cognizant Softvision is an Equal Opportunity Employer. No 3rd Party Agency Candidates.
