Job Description
As the Associate Business Analyst, you will be responsible for creating reports, ad hoc data analysis and other business intelligence related tasks to support a global operations team servicing one of the largest financial institutions in the world. You will be extracting and transforming data using SQL, leveraging advanced Excel features and Python for data analysis, and producing clear business intelligence and actionable information into visually appealing reporting.

Position Details
Standard support hours: Mon-Fri 8:00am-5:00pm
Responsibilities:
Develop metrics and dashboard reporting to provide insight across all operational organizations, for the purpose of increasing efficiency and improving customer delivery.
Create queries, write reports, and present findings and then make recommendations to direct and upper level management.
Analyze current business and reporting processes and look for means to improve efficiency and reduce bottlenecks.
Build complex reports related to operations performance. (ie. Labor efficiency, Service Catalog volumes, SLA measurement, etc.)
Utilize Python/SQL to provide solutions as well as maintain legacy reporting within Microsoft Excel with VBA.
Work closely with all levels of management to prioritize business and information reporting needs.
Continually train and elevate skill level with the various applications used by the organization.
Qualifications:

Skills, Knowledge, Abilities
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Requires the ability to deal effectively and professionally with internal and external customers.
Must have outstanding organizational and multi-tasking skills and the ability to prioritize work effectively.
Requires excellent working knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite, specifically Excel, including sorting, formulas, and macro definitions.
Strong organizational skills to multi-task demanding priorities; effective use of resources to deliver results.
Professional communication skills with the ability to successfully interact and gather detailed business requirements at all levels of the organization.
Ability to work effectively across many internal functional groups.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Passionate and continuous improvement minded
Advanced in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Outlook, and ERP systems
Education/Experience Requirements
High school diploma or its equivalent is required
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics or related field preferred
Prior professional experience in Data Entry and Analysis preferred
Proficient relational database experience (MS-Access, SQL)
6-12+ months Python experience (familiarity with Pandas highly preferred)
Intermediate-to-Expert-level VBA skills
Familiarity with a data visualization suite such as Tableau
Experience with version control a plus (ie. Github)

Company Description
We are one of the few staffing agencies trying to make a difference in the staffing industry by disclosing as many of the details regarding our open positions upfront.
• Allstates Consulting is an Ethical staffing operation, we will NEVER present your resume to our client without obtaining your consent.
• The majority of our clients are large employers hiring hundreds of contract professionals.
• On average, one out of 5 placements we make convert to a permanent employee.
• We offer full health/dental/vision and 401K benefits to all of our contractors.
