Recently named Best Place to Work by MM&M, The Holmes Report, PR News, PRWeek, and AdAge, W2O is an integrated marketing and communications firm powered by analytics and specializing in healthcare. We are currently seeking a talented Technical Business Analyst to join our growing team of pharmaceutical advertising, technology and data professionals in our Austin office. This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic, fast-growing global agency with over 1,200 employees across 17 US offices plus London!

As the Technical Business Analyst, you will be responsible for the acquisition and management of requirements for new projects, while helping to drive the technical implementation of applications. The ideal candidate must use strong technical skills to support internal and external stakeholders with data, analysis, and strategy to drive key decisions and continued organizational growth. This role requires hands-on data modeling, schema structuring, and experience with operational processes. The ideal candidate will be focused primarily on maintaining and optimizing our vast data streams, working with product and engineering teams to collaborate on processes, developing reports and tools for internal users, and fostering technical processes, policies and procedures for W2O Group.

Responsibilities
Develop business process models and documentation for technology initiatives by working with internal business divisions, senior leadership, and technical teams.
Work in a consultative manner with business stakeholders to design and define the entities, attributes, relationships, data matching rules, data model & workflows necessary to support business data flow, test analysis, and enterprise KPI development.
Effectively communicate and document business and IT information in alignment with standard processes/procedures.
Coordinate and oversee stakeholder engagement activities, ensuring continued alignment with business strategies.
Conduct independent analysis and review requirements, utilizing knowledge of business systems and requirements, with the ability to supply alternative suggestions/improvements.
Play a crucial role as part of Data Governance team to develop, implement, and maintain data strategies that ensure data quality, provide standardization, and improve business information value.
Provide data stewardship support of company-wide data from a variety of sources.
Work with, develop, and update workflows for compliance and data quality initiatives.
Familiarity with Scrum initiatives.
Elicit and document requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, site visits, business process descriptions, user stories, and workflow analysis.
Have primary responsibility for backlog management, maintaining the quality of user stories and acceptance criteria for an agile project.
Ensure a continued focus on successful delivery and providing genuine business value and benefits (i.e., business benefits rather than just technical delivery).
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other STEM-related majors with demonstrable IT skills.
Minimum 3+ years of professional experience in a Technical Business Analyst role, with strong planning, problem solving and decision-making skills, as well as business case development/benefits realization experience.
Solid understanding of Agile and traditional business analysis methods; proven experience of working with an agile backlog, creating and maintaining the quality of user stories and acceptance criteria for upcoming sprints.
Experience with managing full SDLC cross-functionally, including business process modelling, scenarios, user stories, use cases, acceptance criteria, etc.
Strong knowledge on relational databases and ability to understand and craft entity relationship diagrams.
Comfortable working closely with software development teams—both onshore and offshore,
Well versed in data warehousing concepts/issues and knowledge of data modelling.
Familiarity with business change/transformation management training and experience.
A good understanding of technology trends and movements.
A proactive “can do” attitude and a willingness to be “hands on” when required.
W2O Group offers a comprehensive benefit program and perks, including flexible PTO, expanded paid leave for new parents and the Your 4th Trimester™ program that helps new parents transition back to work, and a five-week sabbatical program. Other perks include Income Protection, Retirement plans/401(k) match, and cell phone savings plans. Learn more about our great benefits and perks at: http://www.w2ogroup.com/

W2O Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We foster an environment that embraces diversity. We are stronger with a wider range of opinions, strengths, and backgrounds to achieve our goals.
