Business Analyst III, Chief Financial Officer Operations Support Team. The position reports to the CFO Operations Support Director. The successful candidate provides advanced (senior-level) business analysis, development, and support of both complex business process and system solutions to enhance daily operations of the CFO area.Work involves joining and contributing to a team to:* Assess and review user requirements, procedures, and problems to automate or improve use of CAPPS Financials 9.2 (PeopleSoft) and other systems used within the CFO area;* Act as subject matter/software expert to assist users with data questions by performing data analysis and research to troubleshoot technical and user issues;* Perform a liaison function with agency program areas, other subject matter experts, and the information technology department;* Provide research and project management/support;* Ensure data integrity and compliance with a wide variety of strict state and federal requirements.The candidate is expected to work under minimal supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions:(1) Provides senior level analysis of complex financials and administrative data, agency business processes, and user requirements for the Health and Human Services Commission CFO area. (40%)a. Performs customer service, coordination and communications in complex Health and Human Services organization;b. Screens and evaluates user requests for assistance and troubleshooting issues;c. Provides analysis of the CAPPS Financials application and other systems within the CFO area to support production operations;d. Determines software/system limitations and the impact on users to develop change requests;e. Develops queries, performs data analysis and identifies solutions for application problems and issues;f. Evaluates user business processes, application functionality, configurations, work-arounds, and fixes;g. Coordinates technical analysis, debugging, and resolution of production issues.(2) Leads or participates in work groups, special projects, documentation, and training. (40%)a. Leads work sessions with agency subject matter experts;b. Identifies potential risks and difficulties related to CAPPS Financials and other financial systems and designs strategies to mitigate or avoid them;c. Documents process work flows for the CAPPS Financials application and interfacing systems;d. Reviews business processes, requirements, and crosswalks existing and new processes;e. Participates in reviewing, maintaining, and developing training materials, curriculum, and conducting training sessions;f. Effectively communicates technical information to non-technical customers.(3) Conducts and coordinates user acceptance testing. (15%)a. Identifies and documents system related business processes;b. Evaluates process work flows in CAPPS Financials and with interfacing systems and programs;c. Develops test scenarios and performs application testing;d. Communicates and coordinates with agency subject matter experts and support staff on testing for systems utilized within the CFO area;e. Facilitates agency approvals for the migration of fixes.(4.) Performs related work as assigned. (5%)Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned. Knowledge Skills Abilities:Considerable experience in process, business, or systems analysis and work on complex financial or administrative systems required. ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system experience is a plus; PeopleSoft experience preferred.Working knowledge of databases such as Oracle, Access, or SQL Server. Considerable knowledge of project management principles and practices. HHSC Budget/Accounting data and process knowledge a plus. Knowledge of design, development, and maintenance of systems to meet business requirements and needs.Extensive skill in coordinating and solving problems; and, in analyzing and evaluating complex data, policies, and issues required. Skill in TOAD for Oracle, Financial Data Warehouse, Cognos, and/or PL/SQL a plus.Skill in coordinating the gathering, development, and documentation of user requirements.Experience developing business processes, requirements, analyzing, and testing complex financial systems.Experience working* with Texas state government processes, policies and procedures* with other Texas state agencies and institutions of higher education* in a department of a Texas state agency that has statewide or broad oversight responsibilities.Abilities* Ability to work using independent judgment and self-directing* Ability to work with and on teams to support critical business functions* Ability to work with management and external and internal customers* Ability to convey business requirements and support business application solutions* Ability to perform detailed work accurately and in accordance with standards.* Ability to meet deadlines and work on projects with changing priorities. Registration or Licensure Requirements:Initial Selection Criteria:Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in business administration, computer information systems, management information systems, or a related field.One year of appropriate experience may be substituted for the required education on a year for year basis.* Five (5) years full-time experience in business analysis, information technology process or systems analysis work.* At least three (3) years of experience supporting complex financial systems as a business analyst, systems analyst, or as a subject matter expert.Experience with the CAPPS Financials baseline from the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts or with the HHS implementation of CAPPS Financials preferred.Experience writing queries via SQL preferred.Preferred experience working* with Texas state government processes, policies and procedures,* with other Texas state agencies and institutions of higher education,* in a department of a Texas state agency that has statewide or broad oversight responsibilities. Additional Information:Requisition # 455103HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview. MOS Code:Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 25B, IT, 3D0X1. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor's Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx.HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
