Performs complex computer systems analysis work. Analyzes business processes to identify opportunities and develop strategies for improving business productivity and achieving organizational objectives. Identifies and satisfies technical requirements by acquiring or developing appropriate information systems products and services. Develops and maintains complex Web-based and LAN-based software.Work may involve planning, assigning, and/or supervising the work of others. Effectively communicates technical solutions and requirements to technical staff charged with acquiring, developing, and/or implementing products and services, and helps to ensure that standards are met. Trains others, as needed. Uses project management to manage and report project resources and status.Participates effectively on cross-functional teams in a spirit of cooperation and flexibility. May develop and manage IT contracts. Works under limited supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. This position is classified as a fulltime position (40 hours a week). Work outside of regular hours may be required. Travel to other work location may be required. Performs other duties as assigned.Ability to interact with business stakeholders and subject matter experts. Work with internal teams on product requirements and documentation.Essential Job Functions:Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned.(35%) Participates in system development activities (i.e.: analysis, design, develop, implement) to meet business needs if appropriate products or services cannot be more cost effectively purchased or identified. Analyzes business process requirements and prepares detailed structured data flow analysis diagrams, verification of procedures, and database entity relationship diagrams to satisfy new software demands. Develops and maintains functional and technical specifications via the preparation of detailed flowcharts, tables, reports and other descriptive materials necessary for coding, testing and documenting complex automated systems. Documents all system development activities in accordance with Agency Software Development Lifecycle and Project Management guidelines. Schedules work and assists supervisory personnel in assignment of tasks.(30%) Responsible for coding, testing, and supporting highly complex applications to meet customer needs. Rigorous testing includes coordination with the technical support staff for integration testing to ensure quality products before distribution. Product support includes analyzing production problems as described by the customer, systems analyst, and/or customer support staff, problem solving to keep the customer's applications operational and ongoing maintenance and enhancements to software. Ensures that the system or product is successfully installed and that customers are adequately trained in their use. Assists trainers and technical support staff in the successful implementation of new software systems. Trains IT staff in new methods and procedures.(10%) Evaluates existing and proposed computer applications to verify business requirements, system requirements, and equipment configurations are taken into account. Analyzes complex business processes, equipment, and techniques for applicability, reliability, efficiency, speed, cost, flexibility, and meeting customer needs. These duties include coordinating applications interfaces with other areas within the Department as well as between State Agencies with the coordination of management.(10%) Evaluates business processes, anticipates requirements, identifies areas for improvement.(10%) Develop and present technical documentation to management.(5%) Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency's obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location.Percentages may vary with assignments.Knowledge Skills Abilities:Knowledge of technical approaches used to deliver IT products and services to large client organizations.Knowledge of programming web and client/server applications to include SQL, ODBC connectivity, and the Microsoft visual development languages.Knowledge of object-oriented programming.Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server/Oracle to include the use of the management tools.Knowledge of high-level system design methodologies and techniques (such as the entity/relationship model, data/process flow diagrams, etc.).Knowledge of project management methodologies and techniques.Knowledge of Business Analyst methodologies and techniques.Skill in communicating with both the customer and development communities on automation issues.Skill in writing complex software/utility programs for computer applications.Skill in estimating project timelines.Strong verbal and written communication skills.Ability to communicate with technical, non-technical, functional, management and executive staff.Ability to analyze complex business problems and provide database related solutions using SQL, ODBC and PC-based visual development tools.Ability to read, interpret, analyze existing program code, and make recommendations for improvement or replacement if required.Ability to analyze business processes, and to develop and present the business case for new or modified IT customer-related products and services.Ability to analyze problems and develop solutions; to perform detailed work accurately.Ability to direct developer staff; to ensure quality; to enforce programming standards.Ability to effectively work independently or with others in a team environment.Ability to work under stressful conditions with multiple projects and/or deadlines. Registration or Licensure Requirements:Initial Selection Criteria:Preferred graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in Math, Science, or Computer Science related. Must have at least four years of experience developing/writing software/utility programs for computer applications Additional Information:REQ 457046 MOS Code:Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor's Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx.HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
