Lightspeed Systems is looking for a passionate Data Analyst to transform our data into insights and insights into actions that could affect millions of K-12 students.

Using the latest tools and processes, Lightspeed Systems is able to maximize our technology offerings and deliver unparalleled service and support. The ideal candidate should be highly skilled in all aspects of data analytics, including storage and modeling, data mining, and storytelling with visualizations. Additionally, you should be committed to providing data in an ethical, sustainable, and self-service manner for continued innovation and growth by our various stakeholders.

ABOUT THE ROLE
Develop and maintain datastores by acquiring data from primary and secondary sources, writing scripts that will make our data evaluation process flexible and scalable
Define and implement data acquisition and integration logic, selecting appropriate combination of methods and tools within defined technology stack to ensure optimal scalability and performance
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and communicating areas for improvement in efficiency and productivity
Assist in interpreting and validating statistical models and A/B test results
Participate in strategic and tactical planning discussions - interface with business customers, gathering requirements and delivering complete self-service reporting solutions.
Work closely with project managers to understand and maintain focus on their analytical needs, including identifying critical metrics and KPIs, and deliver actionable insights to relevant decision-makers
Create and maintain rich interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Applicants must be authorized to work for ANY employer in the US. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of employment Visa at this time.

ABOUT YOU
2+ years of relevant experience in a business analytics, business intelligence or comparable data engineering or data science role
Strong communication and interpersonal skills as you'll work cross-functionally across the organization (marketing, finance, sales, etc.you will work with every department)
Familiar with various supervised and unsupervised modeling techniques including but not limited to Decision Trees, Regressions, SVM, K-Means, Dimensionality Reduction, and others
A/B test experience preferred
Must be an analytical and creative thinker: wherever possible, you look to resolve questions through data and measurement
Strong attention to detail and accuracy you will be organizing and disseminating significant amounts of information on which business decisions will be made
You are skilled at being a storyteller with data
Online web analytics experience preferred but not required (measuring and tracking website behavior, interaction, pathing and fallout)
Desired Tools/Languages
SQL
Python, R, Perl, SAS, or other statistical packages/scripting languages
Experience with Cloud Environments and Tools (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Experience with traditional data stores (PostgreSQL, SQL Server, MySQL), NoSQL datastores (Cassandra, DynamoDB), and file system stores (HDFS, S3)
Experience with BI tools (Tableau, Looker, SiSense, etc)P
We require all qualified applicants, as part of the application process, to complete a set of assessments. We invite you to jump start your application for this role by completing our assessment (it will only take 7-10 minutes).

ABOUT US

Education is undergoing a technology revolution with new devices and tools being added to the classroom every day and IT departments are responsible for keeping all this technology managed, safe and working. That is where we come in! Lightspeed Systems, ed-tech provider and leader in K-12 device filtering for 20 years, partners with schools to make learning safe, managed and mobile. Learn more at www.lightspeedsystems.com.

We love our employees, and we show it. A sneak peek into our BENEFITS & PERKS include:
Health -- Medical, dental and vision insurance with healthy company contribution toward premiums.
Wellness -- Lightspeed kicks cash into your HSA if you participate our HDHP. Employees are provided an adjustable desk and onsite gyms at some offices. Healthy Holiday and PTO policy.
Retirement -- 401(k) matching up to 6%
Perks -- Fully stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages. Some lunches provided as well!
