Job Description
Job Description

As a Watermark Business Operations Analyst, you will be a member of the business operations team reporting into and directed by the Director of Business Applications. You will be an integral part of the team supporting cross-functional business operations including providing analysis, interpretation of data, identify opportunities for improvements and works cross-functionally to develop business solutions. In this role he/she will help guide, influence, and build relationships with internal business stakeholders to drive process automation and behavioral change across functional areas.

Essential Responsibilities
Management, support and development of business applications including Marketo, Salesforce, Wootric, Outreach.io, Mavenlink.
Provide analytical support by gathering and extracting data from multiple sources (databases, spreadsheets, other documents), analyzing and compiling the data in support of cross-functional business operations.
Decomposing high-level information into detailed actionable tasks and prioritizing requirements.
Documenting and diagramming current state business processes and create effective process documentations and training documents used to identify and mitigate process gaps.
Maintaining and developing multiple projects, establishing project plans and timelines and coordinating with internal and external resources.
Defines business requirements and provides analysis to increase operational efficiency.
Review and provide feedback on deliverables to ensure completeness, consistency, comprehensibility and feasibility.
Identify opportunities for improvement in operational performance. Works cross-functionally in analyzing, designing, and developing business solutions.
Review design solutions and partnering with development team and business to perform User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Analyzes, designs and builds reports, dashboards or other business intelligence components.
Other duties as assigned.
Education
Requires minimum of a bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of experience and education.
Preferred Skills, Knowledge and Abilities
Marketo, Salesforce experience a major plus
Proven ability as a self-starter, detail-oriented, well organized, strong decision-making skills and able to multi-task effectively
Strong Data Reporting Skills (highly proficient in spreadsheet skills, SQL and other tools to mine, aggregate and report data.)
Ability to function productively in a fast-paced changing environment
Ability to conceptualize and quickly understand new processes
Excellent communication and organization skills with attention to detail
Desired Experience & Abilities
Knowledge and experience with business applications including Salesforce, Marketo, Intacct
Knowledge and experience with documentation tools including BI, Confluence, Lucid charts
Knowledge and experience with Project management methodologies including both Waterfall and Agile
About Watermark

Watermark’s mission is to put better data into the hands of administrators, faculty, and students everywhere to empower them to connect information and gain insights into learning that will drive meaningful improvements. Through its innovative educational intelligence system, Watermark supports over 1,600 institutions around the world in developing an intentional approach to learning so that they can leverage data for a more holistic view of learning, faculty and staff impact, and institutional quality.

For more information on Watermark, visit www.watermarkinsights.com.

Watermark is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against an individual based on the individual's race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic or activity.

this is a remote position
