#WeAreEA and we exist to inspire the world to play. EA values creativity, pioneering, passion, determination, learning, and teamwork. We mean things like acting with curiosity, speaking up with original ideas, and committing to each other as one team.

Were looking for people to make great experiences for our players. People that will come to the office excited to work and have some fun.

We celebrate diversity and inclusion by making this a place where you can come to work and be yourself. And strive to create great experiences for our employees as often as our players.

Are you good at defining and translating the why & what into how? Do you like being the one that can connect process, people and technology to get the best results? Then you might be the person we are looking for.

Were hiring a Sr. Business Analyst to join EAs Worldwide Customer Experience (WWCE) organization.

As the Sr. Business Analyst, you are a consultant helping teams identify and frame problems in a way that enables the creation of better customer experiences. You will have a great systems approach and recognize the inter connectedness of people, process, and technology.

The Sr. Business Analyst is a part of the Solutions Services team that includes other analyst, workflow and tools managers and reports to the Director of Solutions Services. The Customer Experience organization strives to make EA known for taking care of its players. Were players taking care of players and people talking to people whenever, wherever, and however they need us.

Responsibilities:
Develop an understanding of business and both the technical and service systems. Examine solutions holistically to understand the impact of changes to the player experience and operational impact.
Lead a Design Thinking culture in close collaboration with the Product Managers, Project Managers & Service Delivery Teams.
Collaborate and have a partnership with team members across EA, understanding their needs and delivering quality to analysis that leads to customer experience improvements.
Recommend improvements to product, process and training.
Document current and to-be states, performing gap analysis and identifying areas for improvement, including assessing and communicating the impact of the proposed solutions on our organization.
Communicate and report on work with a focus on what we are learning, providing in-depth expertise or a high-level summary adjusting for your audience. Package up opportunities into leadership recommendations.
Excel at inspiring teammates with storytelling and data-driven rationale that you can translate into solutions.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Business management, or related discipline required.
You have 5 years as a business analyst helping diverse teams make decisions that improve outcomes.
Experience creating Business Cases, User Stories, Workflow Diagrams, Process Maps, and Research Design.
Identify areas for improvement and develop solutions to a variety of issues moderate to large scope and complexity.
Outstanding storytelling skills. Proficiency in multiple media for storytellingwhile grounding storytelling in research.
Active listener, responsible, self-motivated and able to influence and guide teammates and executives.
