POSITION SUMMARY:
Customer Experience Analyst will be responsible for the data gathering, analysis and recommendations required to improve customer adoption of user experience tools. This role will be responsible for ensuring user experience penetration and satisfaction by partnering with the sales team and working directly with customers.

Additionally, the Customer Experience Analyst will be responsible for the planning, execution and analysis of the NPS program.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
With primary focus on customer experience satisfaction, provides an exceptional level of customer service by ensuring user experience tool adoption by conducting Demos, trainings and partnership with sales to ensure customers utilize online tools.
Receives, analyzes and processes data related to NPS.
Provides effective customer service via multiple channels such as phone (to include inbound and outbound calls), written/email correspondence, etc. Performs service recovery techniques to resolve requests.
Provides compliant and easily understood resolution options with the desired outcome of creating a positive customer experience. Utilizes resources to support service delivery resulting in retaining and/or growing the business.
Collaborates with internal partners to gather information and develop resolutions/options to be delivered to external customers.
Actively participates in the identification and supports implementation of process improvements. Provides insights and recommendations of enhancements to processes, user experience tools, training and the quality of service delivery.
Meets deadlines and performs successfully within a fast paced, ever changing and diverse environment, to include multitasking, system utilization and accurately entering data to handle entire requests from start to finish.
Actively participates in self development opportunities with a willingness to learn new skills.
Stays abreast of and adheres to Company processes and procedures, industry changes, federal and state legislation and regulations.
Assists with peer development and delivery/service requirements through information and knowledge sharing, resulting in supporting and resolving customer requests.
Develops and maintains effective working relationships with internal and external customers.
Special projects and other duties may be assigned to meet business needs
Other duties may be assigned to meet business needs
This role works with PHI on a regular basis both in paper and electronic form and has access to various technologies to access PHI (paper and electronic) in order to perform the job.
Employee must complete training relating to HIPAA/PHI privacy, General Policies and Procedure Compliance training and security training as soon as possible but not later than the first 30 days of hire.
Must maintain a current status on Natera training requirements.
Employee must pass post offer criminal background check.
QUALIFICATIONS:
High School degree or equivalent required; Two-year degree preferred.
4 years minimum customer service experience and 2-year experience in level 2 or above escalated support.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Technical: Evaluates an applicant's acquired knowledge and specific technical skills.
Behavioral: Evaluates factors related to human characteristics and skills, such as attitude, work approach and collaborative abilities.
2+ years of experience in a relevant role (BI, Data Analyst, Customer Care, etc.).
Data-driven, have technical affinity and possess a strong business sense.
Strong technical data skills, statistics and the ability to draw insights from data.
Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written).
The ability to convey complex analysis results clearly and with conviction.
Team player with strong interpersonal, relationship-building, and management skills.
Excellent organizational skills, attention to detail and analytical reasoning.
Adaptability to change and self-starter
Ability to maintain professionalism during highly escalated situations

Preferred Skills and Experience
Experience with Desk.com, LIMS, eFax, secure email, and Great Plains OM
Problem analysis and problem solving
Data collection and maintenance
Bi-lingual a plus

PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT:
This position requires the ability to use a computer keyboard, communicate over the telephone and read printed material.
Duties may require working outside normal working hours (evenings and weekends) at times.
OUR OPPORTUNITY

Driven by the passion for elevating the science and utility of genetic testing, Natera is committed to helping families identify and manage genetic diseases. Natera is a rapidly-growing diagnostics company with proprietary bioinformatics and molecular technology for analyzing DNA. Our complex technology has been proven clinically and commercially in the prenatal testing space and we are actively researching its applications in the liquid biopsy space for developing products with oncology applications.

The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, youll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, youll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.

WHAT WE OFFER

Competitive Benefits. Generous Employee Referral program. Healthy catered lunches 3 times per week, and premium snacks! Additionally, we offer complimentary premium coffee drinks and teas, and other beverages.
For more information, visit www.natera.com.

Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.

All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.
