Job Title: Business System Analyst
Location: Austin, TX 78754
Duration: 8 Months
Job Description:
The client up to one worker to develop Agency reports using Tableau; and developing best practices to advance data quality and data analytics with uniformly governed data requirements.
The workers will coordinate efforts with the Project Mangers, other users, and developers to identify and map requirements to capture and report data in a meaningful way for users and decision makers.
The Workers will assist with design requirements relating to the visibility, accessibility, and usability of the data.
The Workers will be involved with subject-matter experts within client and technical teams in data gathering information and testing and documenting test cases.
The Workers will also participate in identifying and documenting business processes. The Workers must have demonstrated experience with Tableau including writing test cases and test plans and test reports.
Required Experience:
5 Years of experience of Experience working with SQL.
4 years of experience of Development experience working with Tableau Reports and Dashboards (Up to two years using Version 10.x)
4 years Strong experience developing visualizations with Tableau and deploying those visualizations to Tableau Server.
4 years of experience of Technical and business analyst experience.
4 years of Experience with reporting development from large, complex systems.
About our Company: -

22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
