General OverviewAt an intermediate level, serves as a liaison between technical staff and end-users of software application(s) to ensure functionality and efficient use of systems to support moderately complex business processes. This position may specialize in a particular business process and the related enterprise application (such as PeopleSoft, Maximo, etc.) or may be involved in the implementation of various applications to support multiple business processes. Formulates and defines information technology systems scope and objectives based on both user needs and an understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements. Analyzes business processes and user needs, documents requirements and processes and translates into system requirement specifications. Participates in application upgrade/enhancement efforts and communicates changes. When specializing in a particular enterprise application, designs related training materials, tests application for errors, writes documentation and trains end-users in the use of the application. This position utilizes knowledge and experience in own discipline but is still building higher-level knowledge and skills. Utilizes discretion and independent judgment to determine an appropriate approach within general parameters and some guidance from supervisor, manager and/or more experienced colleagues.* Acts as the liaison between business departments and technical staff to enable technical solutions to business needs, either through development of new software or through purchase and configuration of software. Assists in developing business cases for technical solutions and participates in build vs. buy decisions on technology project teams.* Analyzes business operations to understand process strengths and weaknesses to determine opportunities to automate/improve processes and functions.* Documents business requirements to be used in developing technical solutions. Manages changes to system requirements from project initiation to final implementation to ensure that requirements have been met.* When specializing in a particular enterprise application, partners with technology staff and vendors as needed in software development, configuration and/or upgrade/enhancement efforts. Participates in project planning and provides status reports as required. Configures purchased software to desired functionality.* When specializing in a particular enterprise application such as PeopleSoft or Maximo, supports end-users of the application in areas such as: reviewing and auditing user access, designing training materials, training end-users, delivering reports in support of business operations, maintaining online system documentation, researching and correcting moderately complex system errors and tracking system issues and resolutions. Performs testing to ensure proper operation of the system. May develop test plans and test cases.* May participate in the development and implementation of standardized procedures for business systems analysis, business process mapping and business requirements documentation.This general overview only includes essential functions of the job and does not imply that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instruction and to perform any other job-related duties requested by supervisor or management.Minimum QualificationsSix or more years of experience in developing and documenting business requirements and serving as a liaison between business partners and IT. A degree(s) in business, computer science, information systems or relevant field may be substituted per LCRA guidelines for certain years of experience.
