Incorporated in 1994, DISYS is one of the largest IT staffing firms in the US; DISYS has nearly doubled in revenues over the past three years and ranks 2nd on Staffing Industry Analysts’ annual listing of the Fastest-Growing U.S. Staffing Firms with over $300 million in annual revenues.  DISYS is headquartered in McLean, Virginia, with offices and delivery locations worldwide in North and South America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific region.  Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC (DISYS) is a global managed staffing and services company with core capabilities in:  Managed Staffing Services; Agile Services; Application Development Services; Business Intelligence Services; Cloud Enablement Services; Enterprise Resource Planning; Infrastructure Support Services; Program Management Services; Testing Services Digital Intelligence Systems, LLC. (DISYS) is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant because they inquired about, discussed, or disclosed compensation. Email recruitinghelp@disys.com to contact us if you are an individual with a disability and require accommodation in the application process.  Data Scientist - 1 position Houston - Energy Corridor Duration - 2 years  We need strong technical expertise in Data Science, but beyond that this is an opportunity to help us setup a best-practice data science process, to help us determine the direction of future tooling, and to be a central part of a team that will spearhead how the company engages in Data Science. You will work with other Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Service Designers and Project Managers on interdisciplinary projects, using Mathematics, Statistics and Machine Learning to derive structure and knowledge from raw data. You are a highly collaborative individual who will challenge others in your team thoughtfully while prioritising impact. You believe in iterative change, experimenting with new approaches, and learning from and teaching others. Essential:  5+ years experience working with and analyzing large data sets. Expert knowledge of statistics. Real-world experience in working with product and business teams to: identify important questions and data needs, and apply statistical methods to data to find answers. Strong knowledge of Python and relevant libraries (PySpark, Pandas, etc). The ability to communicate results clearly and a focus on driving impact. An inquisitive nature in diving into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues. Proficiency at driving the collection of new data and refining existing data sources. Excellent presentation and communication skills, with the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields. Desirable A PhD or MS in a quantitative field (e.g., Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Sciences, Engineering, Mathematics). Prior experience with writing and debugging data pipelines using a distributed data framework (Spark, etc). Best practices in software development and in productionising data science. Bonuses to include as part of your application Links to online profiles you use such as Github, Twitter, etc. A description of the most interesting data analysis you’ve done, its key findings and its impact. A link or attachment of code you’ve written related to data analysis. A description of your work history (whether as a resume, or LinkedIn profile).     Data Engineer - 3 positions Houston - Energy Corridor Duration - 2 years We need strong technical expertise in Data Engineering, but beyond that this is an opportunity to help us setup a best-practice data science process, to help us determine the direction of future tooling, and to be a central part of a team that will spearhead how the company engages in Data Science. Essential Strong experience with Python and relevant libraries (PySpark, Pandas, etc). The ability to work across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, extracting information and identifying irregularities and linkages across disparate data sets. Meaningful experience in Distributed Processing (Spark, Hadoop, EMR, etc). Deep understanding of Information Security principles to ensure compliant handling and management of client data. Experience working collaboratively in a close-knit team and in clearly communicating complex solutions. Experience in traditional data warehousing / ETL tools (SAP HANA, Informatica, Talend, Pentaho, DataStage, etc) Experience and interest in cloud infrastruPythoncture (Azure, AWS, Google Platform, Databricks, etc) and containerisation (Kubernetes, Docker, etc). Desirable  Experience programming with Julia. Experience or interest in building robust and practical data pipelines on top of cloud infrastructure (Pachyderm, Kubeflow, etc). Bonuses to include as part of your application Links to online profiles you use such as Github, Twitter etc. A description of your work history (whether as a resume, or LinkedIn profile).   Sunny Patel | National SAP Delivery Lead Digital Intelligence Systems (DISYS) – IT Consulting Services Email: sunny.patel@disys.com      
