General OverviewAt an expert level, serves as a liaison between technical staff and end-users of software application(s) to ensure functionality and efficient use of systems to support moderately complex business processes. This position may specialize in a particular business process and the related enterprise application (such as PeopleSoft, Maximo, etc.) or may be involved in the implementation of various applications to support multiple business processes.This position requires specialized depth and/or breadth of expertise. Interprets business issues and recommends best practices. Solves complex problems; takes a broad perspective to identify innovative solutions. Works independently, with guidance in only the most complex situations. May lead functional teams or projects. May direct the work of others.* Acts as the liaison between business departments and technical staff to enable technical solutions to business needs, either through development of new software or through purchase and configuration of software. Develops business cases for technical solutions and leads build vs. buy decisions.* Analyzes business operations to understand process strengths and weaknesses to determine opportunities to automate/improve processes and functions. Designs new or modified processes to enable technical solutions and process automation.* Analyzes business processes and user needs, documents requirements and processes and translates into system requirement specifications.* Formulates and defines information technology systems scope and objectives based on both user needs and an understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements.* Designs new or modified processes and procedures to solve complex problems considering technology system capacity and limitations and form of desired results.* Leads application upgrade/enhancement efforts and communicates changes.* Documents business requirements to be used in developing technical solutions. Manages changes to system requirements from project initiation to final implementation to ensure that requirements have been met.* When specializing in a particular enterprise application, partners with technology staff and vendors as needed in software development, configuration and/or upgrade/enhancement efforts. Leads project planning and communicates status to management. Configures purchased software to desired functionality.* When specializing in a particular enterprise application such as PeopleSoft or Maximo, supports end-users of the application in areas such as: assigning user access with appropriate level of security, coordinating review and audit of user access, designing training materials, training end-users, designing and delivering complex reports in support of business operations, maintaining online system documentation, researching and correcting moderately complex system errors and tracking system issues and resolutions. Performs testing to ensure proper operation of the system. May develop test plans and test cases.* Leads the development and implementation of standardized procedures for business systems analysis, business process mapping and business requirements documentation.* Utilizes business process management tools to translate process maps and process measurements into system level implementation. Provides recommendations on selection/upgrades of these tools.This general overview only includes essential functions of the job and does not imply that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instruction and to perform any other job-related duties requested by supervisor or management.Minimum QualificationsLead Level -- Minimum QualificationsTwelve or more years of experience in developing and documenting business requirements and serving as a liaison between business partners and IT. A degree(s) in business, computer science, information systems or relevant field may be substituted per LCRA guidelines for certain years of experience.Sr. Level -- Minimum QualificationsNine or more years of experience in developing and documenting business requirements and serving as aliaison between business partners and IT. A degree(s) in business, computer science, information systemsor relevant field may be substituted per LCRA guidelines for certain years of experience.Preferred Qualifications* Advanced Maximo skills and knowledge* Advanced SQL skills* DataSplice experience* Experience with field mobile device support* Experience with Maximo (or 3rd party) scheduling tool
