DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES: (Required)

The Business Analyst is an Information Technology (IT) position and will provide business analyst skills for Records & Content Management related projects. This role will primary focus on a project to digitize physical records at TxDOT (Texas Department of Transportation). To this end, the BA will assist in creating standardized processes for sorting physical records to identify content that is appropriate to scan. They will also assist in identifying appropriate metadata to associate with content based on its Document Type. Further, they will assist in recommending best practices for scanning the sorted content. This role will also assist in educating the agency on the physical record sorting process.

The workers responsibilities and skills must include:

â Establishing best practices around Records Sorting, Metadata Identification, and Scanning at TxDOT

â Participating in Q&A Sessions with the end-users around Records Sorting/Management, Metadata, Scanning

â Creating Documentation around Metadata Standards

â Assisting in the supervision of records sorting at TxDOT

â Being a creative thinker to solve issues.

â Mediating business units that may have conflicting requirements.

â Facilitating and documenting AS-IS and TO-BE process flows

â Other duties as assigned

Â

WORKER SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS (Required)

Minimum (Required):

Skills/Experience
6 years' Experience with general IT SDLC processes.
5 years in business process creation 5 Skilled in gathering requirements from business divisions
5 years Skilled in documenting AS-IS and TO-BE process flows.
5 years Skilled in educating business unit staff on standardized processes
5 years possessing strong verbal and written skills in communicating with peers and different levels of users including executive staff.
Skilled in facilitating large group meetings with internal and external resources.
Skilled in collaborating with the technical and functional teams to develop the Technical Specification and other documents need in support of the solution
Â

Preferred (Optional):

Skills/Experience
Experience with one or more of the state of Texas government agencies
Experience in Records/Content Management and Disposition
Experience in Sorting Physical Records
Experience in Scanning Physical Records
