The Associate Business Analyst, is responsible for creating reports, ad hoc data analysis and other business intelligence related tasks to support a global operations team servicing one of the largest financial institutions in the world. You will be extracting and transforming data using SQL, leveraging advanced Excel features and Python for data analysis, and producing clear business intelligence and actionable information into visually appealing reporting.

Position Details:
Long term contract with possible contract extension or hire
Standard support hours: Mon-Fri 8:00am-5:00pm
This is an Exempt Salaried Position based upon experience and skill level
Responsibilities:
Develop metrics and dashboard reporting to provide insight across all operational organizations, for the purpose of increasing efficiency and improving customer delivery.
Create queries, write reports, and present findings and then make recommendations to direct and upper level management.
Analyze current business and reporting processes and look for means to improve efficiency and reduce bottlenecks.
Build complex reports related to operations performance. (ie. Labor efficiency, Service Catalog volumes, SLA measurement, etc.)
Utilize Python/SQL to provide solutions as well as maintain legacy reporting within Microsoft Excel with VBA.
Work closely with all levels of management to prioritize business and information reporting needs.
Continually train and elevate skill level with the various applications used by the organization.
Education/Experience Requirements
High school diploma or its equivalent is required
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics or related field preferred
Proficient relational database experience (MS-Access, SQL)
6-12+ months Python experience (familiarity with Pandas highly preferred)
Intermediate-to-Expert-level VBA skills
Familiarity with a data visualization suite such as Tableau
Prior professional experience in Data Entry and Analysis preferredExperience with version control a plus (ie. Github)
Nesco Resource and affiliates (Lehigh G.I.T Inc, and Callos Resource, LLC) is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.
