Position Description: At LPL Financial we consider it our mission to take care of our advisors so they can take care of their client. Joining as a Senior Analyst, Enterprise data and Information Services team, which is within the Technology business unit, you will be responsible gathering requirements, managing product backlogs and assisting customers with meeting their technology needs. The position will perform data mapping and query analysis to assist with report development and maintenance. This position will also involve team coordination around design, development and release activities. The candidate should be capable of developing a vision for high quality products and have the drive to ensure that the vision and success criteria are met. Responsibilities: Gather requirements from users; document analysis using business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis Schedule and lead requirements and design discussions with customers of all levels throughout the company including executives Innovate on out of the box solution that leverages the holistic knowledge of variety of use cases. Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs Perform query and reporting analysis; document data sources and mappings to support reporting and other data requirements Be a liaison between the application development team, other technology teams and project and relationship managers Manage and ensure requirements are met through the entire SDLC process by participating in design discussions, QA, UAT and deployment Translate business requirements into a solution and analyze tradeoffs between effort and return on value. Socialize these tradeoffs with the project team and stakeholders • Ensure requirements and test cases have appropriate sign offs and solutions are effective. Actively work to resolve issues users when requirements clarification is needed or to facilitate sign off on test cases Qualifications 5-7 years of experience functioning as a business analyst within a mid to large organization Expert experience with requirements gathering and management in Agile and Waterfall project approaches. Detail oriented and critical thinker. Experience in non-functional requirements gathering, traceability and UAT coordination and support. Demonstrable facilitation and leadership skills in requirements solicitation and review (user interviews) Adept at SQL queries, report writing and presenting findings Working knowledge of TFS, JIRA, QC, Aha! and other project management tools Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously. Must be comfortable in rapidly changing and sometimes ambiguous work situations. Comfortable working independently, adapting to shifting priorities, demands and timelines in a fast paced environment Keen attention to detail and complex problem solving abilities from operational and technical perspective. Ability to work independently and engage other team members as needed Ability to handle full workload and meet proposed deadlines Demonstrated understanding of data structures, data modelling, db schema is required. Knowledge of technologies including SQL, XML and web application concepts. Expert written and oral communication skills, strong interpersonal skills, and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse groups, executives, managers, and subject matter experts. Exposure to enterprise integration tools, and extract/transform/load (ETL) tools. Experience in Agile development methodology/Scrum is preferred Experience with Financial Industry is strongly preferred. About LPL Financial: LPL Financial is a leader in the retail financial advice market and the nations largest independent broker/dealer*. We serve independent financial advisors and financial institutions, providing them with the technology, research, clearing and compliance services, and practice management programs they need to create and grow thriving practices. LPL enables them to provide objective guidance to millions of American families seeking wealth management, retirement planning, financial planning and asset management solutions. LPL and its affiliates have more than 4,200 employees with primary offices in Boston, Charlotte, and San Diego. *As reported by Financial Planning magazine, June 1996-2019, based on total revenue. Our Culture: If you join LPL, you will join a culture that believes in delivering a world-class client experience and looks to all employees to contribute to that goal by sharing their creativity, experience, and passion for continuous improvement. As a destination of choice, our top priorities are growth and development, social responsibility, and financial health for our employees. We offer competitive compensation and industry leading benefits, including a wellness facility with onsite fitness classes, healthy meal choices, and a walk-in clinic. We support employee financial health through a 401k match, ESPP, and employee discounts. Work/life balance is our foundation and is supported through paid holidays, and paid time off (including time to volunteer). We foster a diverse work environment through Employee Resource Groups and diverse strategic partnerships. Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning lifes aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE. Information on Interviews: LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lp l.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicants bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPLs Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.
