DatamanUSA LLC has an exciting opportunity for a talented BusinessÂSystem AnalystÂto work onsite with one of ourÂclients inÂAustin, Texas.<b>
Please Note: If you are not available then we love referrals! Please refer us your friends, family and colleagues for this opportunity. DatamanUSA gives referral bonuses (up to $500) if they get selected and perform well for our clients.

Â

Position:ÂBusiness System Analyst (with solidÂtesting web-based applications experience)

Job ID:Â3202000103

Duration:Â12 Months (with a high possibility of extension)

Client:ÂTexas Workforce commission (TWC)

Location:ÂAustin, Texas

Â

ÂJob Description:

Â

The Candidate will perform highly complex systems analysis to complete software test activities for all test phases of a software development project. The Worker will analyze business requirements and develops software specifications. The Worker will review, analyze, evaluate and develop test plans and scenarios based on business and system requirements to ensure traceability; monitors and performs system testing; and facilitates user acceptance testing. The Worker will coordinate with IT and business project teams to identify and document software defects and works with developers to coordinate defect solutions. Work is accomplished in a highly collaborative environment.

Minimum Requirements:

Â

<u>
Experience in gathering and analyzing business requirements and develop software specifications, complex test scenarios and test plans in cooperation with business and technical groups including leading live Requirement Sessions.
Experience documenting detailed requirements for information technology solutions that will meet program and user needs.
Experience in various documentation techniques including User Stories, Use Cases.
Experience in creating test plans, test scenarios, test cases and documenting Requirements Traceability Matrix.
Experience with testing web-based applications.
Demonstrated ability in working with stakeholders and development team; Experience facilitating productive meetings to formulate business requirements and communicate stakeholder needs to technical staff.
Experience executing test plans, assisting team members in performing and completing test activities; Coordinate, monitor, and perform testing, and facilitate user acceptance testing.
Experience identifying, analysing and documenting software defects; assists developers in analysing and resolving defects.
Experience writing and executing simple SQL statements to verify test results.
Thorough knowledge of software development life cycle methodologies.
Experience utilizing MicroFocus Octane to design, develop and maintain automated information systems and software or experience utilizing other application lifecycle management tools.
Communication, analytical and interpersonal skills at all levels
</ul>

Â

Preferred:
Experience working as a Test Lead for an IT implementation project.
Experience presenting to program and IT management, project Sponsors, and executive leadership.
Unemployment Insurance experience
Experience with Unemployment Insurance (UI) Benefits System (UBS) for the State of Texas
