Job Description
Role: Junior Business Analyst

Job Summary

One of our highly respected client is currently seeking a highly motivated and qualified Business Analyst to join a dynamic team responsible for ensuring the quality of important and highly visible projects. The primary function of the Junior Business Analyst will be to executive all phases of the business analyst life cycle consisting of but not limited to: requirements gathering, design, implementation, documentation and end user support. A successful candidate will be driven and will make certain that project deliverables meet client specifications, are delivered on time and are of high quality.

Key Duties
Work with other Business Analysts and Product Owners to develop user stories and scenarios using requirements.
Collaborate with developers and tests to ensure requirements are implemented correctly and meet client’s expectations.
Actively engage and suggest solutions to client/customer needs and/or wants.
Support the design and development of both custom and core product features.
Understand the business need & gather requirements from clients.
Analyze requirements and prepare different use cases and user stories.
Develop one or more solution alternatives
Review of solution(s) with stakeholders.
Prepare Requirement & Solution Document
Explain requirements to technical team
Assist in UAT.
Travel to work at client sites.
Required Technical Skills
Demonstrated basic understanding of full software development life cycle using Agile methodology
College courses or related internship experience in requirements development and solution documentation
College courses or related internship experience with SQL; experience writing SQL queries to extract data from a database
HTML, CSS or similar experience would be great to have
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including experience working directly with customers to discuss their requirements and objectives.
This person should have technical experience / Knowledge in API Mapping and Design.
Knowledge/experience with Confluence, JIRA, technical writing, diagramming, SQL, and XML.
Strong communication skills, must be able to communicate with technical and non-technical parties.
Powered by JazzHR

RxAAhpjIys
