ldquoSystem Soft Technologies is widely recognized for its professionalism, strong corporate morals, customer satisfaction, and effective business practices. We provide a full spectrum of business and IT services and solutions, including custom application development, enterprise solutions, systems integration, mobility solutions, and business information management. System Soft Technologies combines business domain knowledge with industry-specific practices and methodologies to offer unique solutions, and enable clients to compete with global standards. We find a client-centric approach and a passion for excellence is key in distinguishing ourselves from our competition and in accompanying you on your journey.rdquo We have an immediate long term Opportunity with our client in Austin, TX Requirements 5 years of current and relevant experience with one of the following Cash Management Customer Portal Experience Financial ServicesBankingLending experience is preferred Proficiency and experience as a Business Process Modeler. Must be familiarexperienced with BPMN, and industry leading tools Visio, Bizagi, EA, ARIS, etc. Proficiency and extended experience in defining detailed Business Requirements documentation and Use Cases. Proficiency and experience establishing Requirements Traceability, and using supporting tools, TFS, Jira, etc. Must be extremely Analytical, Detail Oriented and focused on High quality delivery of software Must possess strong communication and collaboration skills must be able to demonstrate an ability to be a self-starter and work closely and efficiently with Subject Matter Experts from different functional areas. +3 years working in IT projects within an IT organization either as a consultant or full-time IT employee. Experience in gathering the as-is process and working through the gap analysis when compared to the to-be processes. Experience defining to-be processes. Extensive experience facilitatingleading requirements gathering sessions. Experience analyzing data to support driving business decisions. Experience with documentation of user acceptance testing Ideal candidate can send resumes at anuja.kothasstech.us or call me at 770 391 0801 ext 119 Best Regards, Anuja Kotha Six Concourse Parkway, Ste2950 Atlanta, GA -30328 Ph 770-391-0801x 119 Direct 404 630 3533
