DNA - US - Technology Analyst -Teradata-Apple

07/14/2020

Job Description

In the role of Teradata Developer, you will be a technology professional adding value to a gamut of Software Development lifecycle stages. You will create detailed design artifacts like program specifications, test plans; and independently develop and review code and contribute to the go-live plan. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with some of the best talent in the industry to create innovative high quality and defect-free solutions to meet our clients’ business needs. You will be part of a learning culture, where teamwork and collaboration are encouraged, excellence is rewarded, and diversity is respected and valued

Qualifications
Required:
Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education.
2 years of experience in Information Technology.
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Sunnyvale, CA, Austin, TX or be willing to relocate to the area. This position may require travel in the US and Canada
U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are not able to sponsor at this time.
Preferred
1+ year of experience on Teradata.
Experienced in Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation, Testing and Support of Data Warehousing and Data Integration Solutions.
Knowledge of BI and Data Warehousing
Knowledge of Teradata architecture a plus
Ability to play a Techno Functional role a plus
Business analyst experience would be a plus
Experience in designing and developing ETL data pipelines
Proficient in writing complex SQLs, expertise in performance tuning of SQLs
Hands on experience in database and table design
knowledge of data loading tool stack TPT, FastLoad, MLoad, TPump
Working experience with huge volumes of data would be an advantage
Understanding of data analytics principles and reporting tools would be an advantage
Must be able to solve complex problems and ability to work on multiple projects/tasks simultaneously to meet project deadlines as required.
Ability to work in team environment and client interfacing skills.
Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment
About Us
Infosys is a global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing solutions. We enable clients, in more than 30 countries, to stay a step ahead of emerging business trends and outperform the competition. We help them transform and thrive in a changing world by co-creating breakthrough solutions that combine strategic insights and execution excellence.

To learn more about Infosys and see our ideas in action please visit us at www.Infosys.com

EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin

Auto req ID
57847BR

State / Region / Province
California, Texas

Country
USA

Interest Group
Infosys Limited

Role
Technology Analyst - US

Company
ITL USA

Work Location
Austin, TX, Sunnyvale, CA

External Job Title
Teradata Developer
