The services to be provided include, but are not limited to, the following:

A. Provide knowledgeable project coordination and analysis to CMD projects.
B. Provide strategic technical vision for systems and system enhancements.
C. Present project updates, recommendations, and key decisions to executive management.
D. Work with HHSC program staff and team to analyze and document the business processes and requirements.
E. Understand business and technical objectives of the project.
F. Coordinate with project leads, HHSC program and other subject-matter experts, contractor representatives, and other State agency representatives as required to ensure necessary tasks, deliverables and timelines are completed.
G. Organize project work sessions often including multiple departments.
H. Document risks and develop mitigation plans.
I. Identify, track, and ensure resolution of issues and removal of barriers.
J. Respond to inquiries from internal and external stakeholders.
K. Document reporting requirements and program decisions.
L. Other duties as assigned.

II. CANDIDATE SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
Minimum Requirements: Candidates that do not meet or exceed the minimum stated requirements (skills/experience) will not be considered for this opportunity and the resume will not be submitted to the customer.
Years Required/Preferred Experience
8 Required Experience translating business needs into technical objectives and identifying solutions to satisfy the business need.
5 Required Experience reporting project status to management including risks, issues, and key decisions.
5 Required Experience identifying project risks and issues; and developing/implementing mitigation strategies.
5 Required Experience in effective general written/oral communication, including documenting requirements, deliverables, test scenarios and project status.
5 Required Experience utilizing business analysis skills and interacting with business end users and technical staff.
5 Required Experience performing review and approval processes of complex technical user and system requirements written by vendors.
5 Required Experience with Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, etc.).
5 Required Experience coordinating changes to user and system requirements.
5 Required Experience coordinating and developing test strategies.
5 Required Experience with Microsoft Project or similar project management software.
3 Required Experience utilizing the Agile methodology or other form of adaptive software development methodology.
3 Required Experience working in a team environment.
3 Preferred Knowledge of Texas Health and Human Services programs.
2 Preferred Experience with Medicaid Long-term Care programs.
2 Preferred Experience with Texas Health and Human Services programs.
