Austin, Texas
Apply
Social:


Scientific Games, Social is a global leader focused in providing an ever-expanding portfolio of robust iGaming and Social Casino solutions to the global gaming industry. To put it simply - we make Mobile and Facebook games that are fun to play, fun to make, and we're growing like crazy! Scientific Games global reach is made possible by the expertise of our rock star teams and game makers. Want to be part of a fast-paced company that lands in the Top 1% of Social Casino games? See more details below!

Scientific Games:


Scientific Games (SG) is a global leader focused on delivering an ever-expanding portfolio of lottery and gaming products and services to the world's government-regulated and government-sponsored entities. Scientific Games' global reach is made possible through the expertise, skill and dedicated efforts of its 8,000+ employees who serve lottery and gaming customers in more than 100+ countries on 6 continents.

Position Summary


The Senior Analytics Engineer works with the Social Gaming Marketing Managers and leadership of social, casual and mobile businesses to provide actionable data analysis. This position will work on a team responsible for the optimization of SciPlay's large acquisition marketing budget, with other ad hoc analysis to support the rapidly growing business.

Essential Job Functions:
Maintain and constantly refine an analytic framework for optimizing the marketing acquisition spend across SciPlay’s social assets (desktop and mobile)
Work with developers in various locations to ensure proper reporting of all necessary data
Produce business cases and financial analysis of acquisition marketing (and other) initiatives
Provide ad hoc business intelligence and financial analysis support for any SciPlay business unit
Create/maintain predictive analysis for direction of UA spend and valuation
Extract all data from SciPlay databases for the above tasks, and train new hires in SciPlay's database schemas/languages
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or Economics
3+ years of professional experience in analytics, statistics or engineering
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
SQL/HQL/MySQL
Tableau
Understanding of relational databases
Excel
Other statistical analysis tools a plus (e.g. Minitab, SAS, R, etc.)
Presenting data in a group setting
Clear and effective communication of complex ideas and analysis
Ability to work with little direction, self-directed
General understanding of programming concepts and methodology a plus
Agile/Scrum software development experience is a plus
Critical thinking and creative problem solving
Qualifications


We are SciPlay! We make games!

The roots of our company are simple and strong: our founder, Aaron “Shurm” Schurman, fell head over heels for casino games and had a vision to create the most entertaining free-to-play casino games for gamers around the world. We’ve grown into a company that makes games we are truly proud of and that are enjoyed by millions of players every day. Our history is extensive, but we’re just getting started. In 1998, we got our start as Phantom EFX and in 2019, we reintroduced ourselves as SciPlay and went public on the Nasdaq.

At SciPlay, we are programmed to think untraditionally. From our yearly development conferences, shindigs, and new game launches, we believe in doing what you love and doing it well. We take great pride in our ability to create authentic experiences for players and we are excited to continue investing in our workforce, technology, and our data-driven approach, all with the mission of delighting our players long into the future. We believe that if we continue to stay passionate, set ambitious goals, live our values and play together, we will become the #1 social casino and casual gaming company in the world.

A few of our highlighted perks and benefits:
Competitive salaries and annual bonuses alongside matching 401k, employee stock options, and other competitive benefits.
Strong commitment to work life balance
Fully stocked breakroom (including Espresso Machine, Beverages, and Snacks)
Fully stocked gameroom featuring current generation consoles and titles, shuffle board tables, foosball tables, and arcade cabinets (including our prized 5v5 cabinet ultra-rare copy of Killer Queen!)
Brand new, shiny, and aesthetically pleasing 10,000 sq ft office located in the Arboretum area in Austin
SciPlay Corporation and its affiliates (collectively, SciPlay) are committed to creating a workforce of credibility and dependability. As a prerequisite to employment with SciPlay (to the extent permitted by law), you shall be asked to consent to SciPlay conducting a due diligence/background investigation on you. This job description should not be interpreted as all-inclusive; it is intended to identify major responsibilities and requirements of the job. The employee in this position may be requested to perform other job-related tasks and responsibilities than those stated above. SciPlay is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants due to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. If you’d like more information about your equal employment opportunity rights as an applicant under the law, please click here EEOC Poster.

Scientific Games Corporation and its affiliates (collectively, “SG”) are engaged in highly regulated gaming and lottery businesses. As a result, certain SG employees may, among other things, be required to obtain a gaming or other license(s), undergo background investigations or security checks, or meet certain standards dictated by law, regulation or contracts. In order to ensure SG complies with its regulatory and contractual commitments, as a condition to hiring and continuing to employ its employees, SG requires all of its employees to meet those requirements that are necessary to fulfill their individual roles. As a prerequisite to employment with SG (to the extent permitted by law), you shall be asked to consent to SG conducting a due diligence/background investigation on you.

This job description should not be interpreted as all-inclusive; it is intended to identify major responsibilities and requirements of the job. The employee in this position may be requested to perform other job-related tasks and responsibilities than those stated above.

SG is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicants due to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. If you’d like more information about your equal employment opportunity rights as an applicant under the law, please click here EEOC Poster.
Apply
