Job Title: Business Analyst 2
Location: Austin, TX 78701
Duration: 6+ Months
Job Description:
The Worker will serve as a Business Analyst to review, analyze, evaluate current enterprise contract management practices and processes for business process mapping and re-engineering.
Through this assessment, the Worker will prepare solution options for business process improvements, identify any risks associated with contract management and monitoring processes, and develop written documentation of Enterprise Contracts Management program functions.
The selected candidate(s) will work under the direction of client’s Procurement management.
The Worker will serve as a Business Analyst to review, analyze, evaluate current enterprise contract management practices and processes for business process mapping and re-engineering.
Through this assessment, the Worker will prepare solution options for business process improvements, identify any risks associated with contract management and monitoring processes, and develop written documentation of Enterprise Contracts Management program functions.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Review and analyze the operations and activities of monitoring contract performance, which includes tasks such as identifying all contract management process (tools, applications, supporting documents), assessing contract management vs contract monitoring functions, evaluating vendor management business process;
Develop business process mapping.
Document and provide knowledge transfer to the Enterprise Contracts Management team for all solutions.
Review workflow functions of STS Contract Management and document the systems, processes, documents and tools used for each.
Worker will then compare and contrast the processes to see where similarities exist, and identify and document where the programs could be better aligned.
Worker will review and analyze hand-off functions between CPO programs to validate efficacy, verify value of the function and document recommended changes; and,
Map work functions and tasks to specific statute, code, rule, policy or procedure and validate necessity. Evaluate effectiveness of process and functional alignment within programs.
Required Experience:
Experience in business process improvement (BPI) related to contract administration, management, evaluation, or monitoring of contract providers.
Experience mapping processes to statutory/regulatory requirements
Experience coordinating, and moderating work groups and white boarding process flow and documenting workflow
Required Skills:
Ability to clearly and concisely communicate both verbally and in writing;
Ability to work independently and as part of a large team;
Ability to work a flexible schedule to meet required deadlines;
Current knowledge of Texas procurement and contract laws, regulations, rules, policies, and procedures;
Knowledge of the client, including knowledge of client procurement processes and procedures;
Understanding of the Statewide Contract Management Guide;
Contract Management experience, training, and/or certification; and
Purchasing and procurement experience, training, and/or certification.
About our Company: -

22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
