Genesis10 is seeking a Business Analyst in Austin, TXAt Genesis10, we recognize that our consultants are our most powerful resource. Selecting only the most talented and experienced consultants provides our clients with the best the industry has to offer. We take pride in attracting the world's finest business and technology consultants.

Genesis10 is a business and technology consulting company with offices nationwide and in Canada. Founded in 1999, Genesis10 has more than 1,200 consultants specializing in project management, business analysis, business transformation and large-scale systems infrastructure and application integration for more than 100 companies, 85% of which are in the Fortune 500. Genesis10 services a variety of industries including banking and financial services, insurance, energy, manufacturing, healthcare, telecommunications and more. For more information, please visit www.genesis10.com.

Genesis10 is currently seeking a Business Analyst for an 12-18 Month Contract for a client in the Austin, TX

Position Summary: The Business Analyst serves as a liaison among stakeholders with the goal of understanding the structure, policies and processes, and operations of the Underwriting department and recommending solutions to enable the department and organization to achieve its goals. The position incumbent must demonstrate customer-centric behavior and the ability to build relationships across the team and business, a broad understanding of property insurance principles and processes, ability to create and manage project plans for requirements and testing, and articulate value of recommended solutions and alternative options.

Job Duties:
Serve as primary interface between business unit, support teams and IT department in order to elicit, analyze, validate and communicate requirements for changes to business processes, policies and information systems.
Serve as a department interface to define the scope of IT development or enhancement projects including defining, documenting and developing detailed business requirements documents, developing policies and procedures, creating testing and implementation plans, and promoting the needs and interests of the department.
Assist department management and collaborate with IT through the service lifecycle.
Evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, disseminate high-level concepts into details, distinguish actual needs and create logical and innovative solutions.
Research and resolve business problems by gathering input from key stakeholders, identifying root cause of problems and researching and recommending appropriate solution options. Provides regular status reports and problem resolution summaries.
Collect, analyze and report performance data to identify, prioritize, and deliver improvements to the department. Develop and analyze metrics and prepare analytical reports.
Assist in assessing training needs. Assist Trainers and Instructional Designers in identifying training needs and developing training content.
Assist in developing Underwriting processes and procedures and defining deliverables for system development, system operation, change control, and training.

Minimum Requirements:
Three (3) years of business analyst or similar experience
Knows hands-on experience in building requirements and user stories
Has worked on large scale, enterprise level projects
Must have insurance or financial services industry experience
Must Have Guidewire Platform Experience ( Policy Center and/or Claims Center)
Team player and knows how to facilitate meetings
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) certification or demonstrated progress toward achieving the designation
Intermediate knowledge of operating systems, email, word processing and similar computer applications including the Microsoft Office Suite.
Ideal Experience:
Five (5) years of experience as a business analyst
Two (2) years of experience in the insurance industry
Experience in Property and Casualty Underwriting

Skills:
Ability to manage project assignments, conduct in-depth interviews, observations, research, documentation, and cost benefit analyses
Excellent written and oral presentations skills, including clear, effective verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to actively listen, problem solve, and communicate effectively with both business and technical users
Ability to analyze and document complex business processes
Demonstrates a proficient understanding of customer needs from a business and technical perspective
Intermediate to advanced level MS office skills for MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio
Aptitude to multi task projects and think analytically as issues arise
Ability to gather and interpret relevant data and information
Demonstrated experience working both as an individual contributor and as part of a team
Strong customer service skills and the ability to meet internal and external stakeholder customer requirements
Ability to exercise independent judgment in methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results.
If you are a qualified candidate interested in this opportunity, please apply.

About Genesis10
Genesis10 is a leading U.S. business and technology consulting firm with hundreds of clients needing proven talent and solutions to power their strategic initiatives. If you are a high performing business or IT professional with solid, referenced experience, we want to meet you. Genesis10 recruiters and delivery professionals are highly accomplished career advocates, who get to know you beyond your resume to position you with the opportunities that fit your skills, experience and aspirations. We have benefit options to fit your needs and a support staff that works with you from placement throughout your engagement project after project. To learn more about Genesis10 and to view all our available career opportunities, please visit us at www.genesis10.com.
"Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V

Job Requirements:
