Business Process Analyst 3, Production Support

At eBay, you will be part of a purpose-driven community dedicated to creating an ambitious and versatile work environment. In eBay Payments, you will be an integral member of a growing organization that inspires passion, courage, and inventiveness - creating the future of global commerce and making an important, positive impact on millions of eBay sellers and shoppers around the world. If you are looking for a special place to take your Payments career to the next level, we want to talk with you.



The Global Payment Operations, Production Support Analyst will be responsible for managing production activities on its Billing and Payments Platform. This is a large scale, full-cycle system support. The candidate will be joining a global, fast-paced environment, where cross-functional teamwork, high standards, and precise execution will be critical to their success. They will interact with a variety of teams such as Product Management, Product Development, Quality Assurance, Billing Operations, Optimization, Customer Service and others, and will serve as the functional and operational subject matter expert in the area of billing, payments, collections and financial postings. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated, process-oriented, persistent, persuasive, willing to learn new systems/technologies and have both Project management and Production support background, in addition to strong written and verbal communication skills.

Responsibilities

Partner with Cross Functional and Product Teams to manage the billing and payments Production roadmap.

Work daily with Production Supervisors and Managers for optimal efficiency, meeting the needs of internal and external customers;

Perform or participate in periodic reviews, audits and updates to the hosting standards, process controls and technologies;

Create and maintain documentation related to the production environment for new projects and ongoing issues; Ensuring the SOPs are created and maintained.

Proactively Track and measure process performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques.

Develop and maintain a weekly process & project dashboard and ongoing issues.

Drive product enhancements to ensure proper production controls closely working with the Product teams

Manage invoice and payment processing activities within given SLAs, ensuring stability and continuity of operations and adherence to all Sarbanes Oxley IT controls;

Establish and manage daily, weekly, and monthly production workflows for the Billing & Payments system and deliver goals and objectives;

Communicate effectively with Operations and Management when schedule adjustments and delays occur;

Perform impact analysis on capacity and schedules relating to changing volumes and new projects in order to support efficient and timely delivery of all business needs;

Perform first-level troubleshooting & coordinate resolution of production issues.

Provide recommendations and guidance for performance tuning and optimization of our supporting systems;

Support new product rollouts by providing appropriate time window & smoke testing;

Support and execute month-end close activities; and be involved in other ad hoc projects.

Skills/ Requirements:

Project Management skills to manage the Production work and Issues.

Strong analytical skills, results-oriented and effectiveness in problem solving;

Excellent English communication skills;

Detail oriented, outstanding planning and organizational skills.

Ability to author technical specifications, presentations, and other documentation;

Good background and understanding of the UNIX operating system, as well as strong knowledge of Oracle, PL/SQL, Shell/Perl scripting and some experience in Java programming.

Functional experience with any Payment / Billing Systems such as Kenan / SAP / Oracle BRIM or any similar enterprise solutions is a plus;

Experience on workflow scheduling applications such as Automic / CTRL M is a plus.

Normally, you will work a standard 40-hour week. This role requires weekend & off-hour support of production activities based on an on-call schedule.

BS +5 yrs or MS +3 yrs

Our eBay Values & Team Culture

We are Courageous x Be Bold, Confident, Nimble, Not Afraid to Take Risks We are Driven. x Relentless Focus on Customers, We Play to Win. Deliver on Time We are Inventive x Creative, Innovative, Obsessed with finding a better way We are Our Brand x We Buy, Sell & Give on eBay with passion for our Brand We are Richly Diverse x We value inclusion & diversity of Thought, Ideas, Talent & People

Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether youre single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.

Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isnt just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.. To learn about eBays Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
