Position:ÂBusinessAnalyst


Duration:Â12+Months<b>
Location:ÂAustin, TX

Client: One of our direct Client in Austin,
TX<b>

The Compliance Specialist role is
responsible for the following:

Developing and managing a
comprehensive set of operational requirements, guidelines, and recommendations
(together forming a âprogramâ) to ensure IRM organizational output is compliant
with Section 508 of the Americans with Disabilities Act, TAC 206 & 213,
WCAG 2.0 (AA) and Agency policies.

Development of program contents
(guiding documentation and instructions, Frequently Asked Questions, &
website content, etc.)

Review and audit of HTML webpages,
PDF, Microsoft WordÂ, VisioÂ, ExcelÂ, and PowerPointÂ documents for compliance
with Section 508, TAC 206 & 213, and WCAG 2.0 (AA).

Working with DFPS departments to
share department-wide publications and related guidance regarding electronic IT
accessibility requirements.

Consistently and accurately document
the location of areas of non-compliance in both web content and documents prior
to internal or external publication.

Randomly sample and review electronic
documents including software test plans and test cases for Section 508, TAC
206 & 213, and WCAG 2.0 (AA) compliance.

Modifying and/or teaching &
training DFPS IT staff on how to modify existing applications and documents to
be 508, TAC 206 & 213, and WCAG 2.0 (AA) compliant.

A successful candidate must be very
familiar with Section 508, TAC 206 & 213, and WCAG 2.0 (AA) compliance for
documents, presentations, webpages and similar materials. A successful
candidate will have experience reviewing products, services, webpages,
documents, presentations, and similar materials to ensure compliance before
internal or external publication. A successful candidate will have experience
performing both scheduled and random audits of departmental documentation and
webpages to identify instances of non-compliance.

<b>

Â

Minimum Requirements:

<u>
Reviewing and auditing HTML webpages, PDFs, Microsoft WordÂ, VisioÂ,
ExcelÂ, and PowerPointÂ documents for compliance with Section 508 of the
Americans with Disabilities Act, TAC 206 & 213, and WCAG 2.0 (AA).
Developing operational requirements, guidelines, and recommendations to
ensure IRM organizational output is compliant with Section 508 requirements.
Proficiency with Microsoft Suite (Outlook, Excel, Word, Power Point, and
Visio) andAdobe AcrobatÂ.
Experience testing electronic documents, webpages and software for
Section 508, TAC 206 & 213 and WCAG 2.0 compliance.
Experience communicating prioritized list of compliance issues and
potential compliance risks as well as clear mitigation strategies to management.
Experience providing advice to authors, content developers, and staff on
how to ensure output remains compliant
Degree B.A. or B.S. or higher in computer science, information
technology, management information systems or related field. Equivalent
yearsâ experience specifically in an accessibility role can substitute for
college degree.
</ul>

Preferences:

Â Knowledge of various programming languages and frameworks including
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Angular, JQuery, SQL, and Web Services

Â Quality Management, Continuous Improvement, Manager of Quality or
Organizational Excellence certifications are desirable.

Â Publication experience in the realm of accessibility (i.e. A published
author in the field)

Â
