UST global is looking for Cybersecurity BA.
This role reports to the Sr Director of IAM with Cybersecurity and is intended to help leadership team run a more effective IAM Program. The role will also interface regularly with the Cybersecurity Program Office.

Conducts business process analyses needs assessments and preliminary cost benefits analyses in an effort to align information technology solutions with business initiatives. Works with business users to define and analyze problems and align the most appropriate technical application or configuration solutions.
Solicits develops documents and manages requirements and provides detailed design and business rules to support the requirements throughout project life cycle up to and through change control.
Considers the business implications of the application of technology to the current and future business environment.
Reviews system test plans and system tests modules before implementation.
Creates reviews and delivers end user documentation user guide process flow charts and training materials and training for accuracy.
Works with the user to select or create appropriate scenarios to test all results to determine whether system changes met project specifications uses scenarios to assist the end user in acceptance testing In upgrades monitors production performance enhancements and system integrity with end users.
Develops detailed implementation and upgrade project plans in conjunction with other account team associates.
Ensures that documentation is updated when change requests are approved for the project.
Provides input on processes procedures or new approaches.

Day to Day
Leads large scale or complex business systems and application upgrades or enhancement development and installations.
Serves as the subject matter expert and consulting resource for a functional area.
Performs gap analysis risk management and estimates for business cases lead cross functional teams to select and deliver solutions direct work of developers and analysts.
Evaluates user requirements for one or more specialized business applications and translates those needs into defined user assessment plans or specifications. Develops project plans and defines cost and time estimates for implementation and development of complex enterprise level solutions.
Creates business process flow charts for customer and technical review.
Works on applications and business problems that are highly complex and diverse in scope and may include multiple IT segments global rollout new technologies new architectures.
Consistently reviews the Request For Proposal RFP Request For Information ROI and vendor relationships and implement changes as necessary.
Develops white papers to be published and or presented at conferences present internal brown bag technical talks on cross functional and technical topics.
Oversees configuration requests for a solution and understand implications of configuration options across a solution and other integrated systems.
Creates high complexity functional and solution designs using a disciplined methodology.

In this role the contactor will be helping us
Conduct and prepare FY21 strategic planning content with the team Excellent PowerPoint skills required
Drive execution of a number of smaller FY21 baseline initiatives. Essentially act as BA PM type role
Assist us in putting together marketing material about our Identity Access Management Services Excellent PowerPoint skills required
Assist us with developing and internal demand management process for IAM. This is where process improvement Agile and ITIL skills are important.
