Data drives strategy. Unique Influence's Performance Analytics practice helps internal and client stakeholders take a scientific and strategic approach towards optimizing critical business and marketing decisions. Our forwarding thinking in Data Science & Analytics is a key differentiator that has contributed to our success in the industry.

This position requires both strategic and tactical skill sets with an eye for numbers, intellectual curiosity, proficiency at problem solving, and a critical understanding of retail dynamics with expertise in offline & online media. The candidate must have a proven track record in data-rich analyses and be a team player. A roll up the sleeves approach is mandatory and a get it done attitude is a must. Specific responsibilities include coordination between the research, analytics & media teams ensuring high quality analytical projects are effectively delivered.

Successful candidates will be multi-dimensional strategic thinkers who can contextualize data effectively and turn numbers into actionable insights, and are able to communicate these succinctly to a broad client and media stakeholder audience.

Job Requirements
1+ years of experience in an analytical role
Partner with internal channel & planning teams to develop monthly and quarterly reports, trends, insights and recommendations
Assist with the development of a measurement and learning plan including establishing campaign performance benchmarks, goals, and projections
Design & execute analytical reporting dashboards to improve the effectiveness of digital online and offline marketing programs.
Design and enhance media planning optimization reports across channels such as Programmatic, Social, and TV platforms using Tableau
Develop visualizations in Excel and PowerPoint to illustrate campaign performance data
Devise Ad Hoc analyses including but not limited to: ROI analysis, Churn Analysis, Reach/Frequency Analysis, TV Attribution, Audience Segmentation
Collaborate with Data Engineering in data management efforts; project manage the ingestion of 3rd party data sources
Coordinate with Ad Operations to implement and QA measurement and tracking
Automate data pulls from the internal data warehouse to front-end dashboards
Excellent communications skills. Strong presentation skills
Technical Skills
Proficiency in data visualization software (eg. Tableau) and querying languages like SQL
Ability to QA and troubleshoot data
Familiarity with media measurement and the digital marketing ecosystem
A desire to look at the bigger picture and translate data into strategy
Powered by JazzHR
