Job Description: *
This worker will have considerable latitude to use their experience and judgment to ensure successful completion of their assigned tasks. The Worker will be able to multi-task, analyze priorities, communicate clearly, and set expectations for the phases of the project. The Worker will be responsible for communicating with multiple internal/external stakeholders including executives, contractors, technical staff and program staff.
Analyzes program policies, procedures, and initiatives to determine the impact on business systems and functional areas.
Analyzes and reviews complex project deliverables such as project charters, business user requirements, design documentation, test plans, and risk assessment plans to ensure business requirements are met.
Acts as a Product Owner and liaison between State Staff and Vendors to translate operational and business requirements to vendors.
Reports project statuses to management based on established timelines.
Analyzes and writes User Stories with Acceptance Criteria based on business needs and according to the Agile methodology.
Develops business user test scenarios and participates in systems and user acceptance testing.
Identifies potential project risks and issues and develops mitigation strategies.
Manages schedule for deliverables as established.
Skills/Experience: *
8 yrs required experience identifying project risks and issues; and developing/implementing mitigation strategies.
8 yrs required experience reporting project status to management including risks, issues, and key decisions
8 yrs required experience translating business needs into technical objectives and identifying solutions to satisfy the business need.
8 yrs required experience in effective general written/oral communication, including documenting requirements, deliverables, test scenarios and project status.
8 yrs required experience utilizing business analysis skills and interacting with business end users and technical staff.
8 yrs required experience performing review and approval processes of complex technical user and system requirements written by vendors.
5 yrs required experience with Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, etc.).
5 yrs required experience coordinating changes to user and system requirements.
5 yrs required experience coordinating and developing test strategies
5 yrs required experience with Microsoft Project or similar project management software.
3 yrs required experience utilizing the Agile methodology or other form of adaptive software development methodology.
3 yrs required experience working in a team environment.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $55.00 - $70.00 per hour

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
business analyst: 8 years (Required)
SDLC: 8 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Austin, TX 78751 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Contract Length:
2 months or less
Full Time Opportunity:
No
Work Location:
One location
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
