Project Analyst

Austin, Texas

Overview:


IPT's Technology Solutions Team is passionate about providing our customers with technical solutions that satisfy their business needs. Through collaborative interactions with customers, team members, subject matter experts (SMEs), technical leaders, and partners we design practical solutions that solve real problems for major government and business organizations. As a member of our Technology Solutions group, you will work with a team of technologists focused on delivering innovative business solutions using emerging technologies through proven successful methods.

Our Team:


We are looking for talented people who are enthusiastic about applying technology to deliver innovative outcomes with fierce determination, fearless integrity, and passionate service. Our belief is that our people are the key to success. By encouraging and enabling continued learning, our team members grow to achieve their personal career goals. We are looking for:
Smart people with a passion for technology
Ability to solve challenging business problems
Self-directed professionals
Hunger to continually learn and grow
Responsibilities:

Possesses demonstrated knowledge and experience applying analytic methodologies and principles to address client needs related to application migration to cloud, cloud-native application design and implementation, and/or cloud environment design, set-up, and support
Applies analytic techniques in the evaluation of project objectives and contributes to the implementation of project objectives
Performs technical and business analyst functions including information gathering, data modeling, project testing, implementing automation, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives
Requirements:

Must have a Bachelors degree in mathematics, computer science, engineering, business, or related field
6 years of related work experience
Experienced in re-engineering underlying business processes in support of application refactor efforts
Works with minimal supervision and technical guidance
May provide technical guidance to a project team
Experienced in Agile delivery methods and program management techniques
Capable of running an independent team with oversight from senior leadership
Active Secret Clearance
This job posting sets forth the authorities and responsibilities of this position, which may be changed from time to time as shall be determined.

IPT Associates, LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment. The Company does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, status as a veteran or disabled veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. We base all employment decisions, including recruitment, selection, training, compensation, benefits, discipline, promotions, transfers, lay-offs, returns from lay-off, terminations, and social and recreational programs on the principles of equal employment opportunity.

Our employees have diverse backgrounds, skills, and ideas that collectively contribute to a rich working environment and greater opportunity for innovation.

#LI-NP1

#CLEARANCE
#DICE
