Our Mission: To connect all people in need and the programs that serve them (with dignity and ease).

Aunt Bertha picks up where Uncle Sam leaves off by making it easy to find and apply for government and charitable social service programs. By organizing the world's human service program information, we make it easy for people in need and the people who help them to find help in seconds on www.auntbertha.com.

We are looking for people who are driven to make the world a drastically better place and want to join our small group of thoughtful, committed citizens because they believe, as Margaret Mead said, "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has."

Please Note: If our mission doesn't strike a chord with you that is OK. But please consider not applying. We are seeking people who come on fire after learning about what we do.

About This Position: We deal in a lot of data, with over 1m users and programs helping users in every ZIP code in the country. We also deal with customers who have very strict data and security requirements (i.e. healthcare customers). Our customers and our team want to get more from the data, securely and quickly.

Core Job to Be Done: A Business Analyst ensures the complete and streamlined operation of data acquisition, internal data security, customer reporting and internal business intelligence. This person will own:
External (aka Customer) reporting oversight and delivery - Meticulously manage project timelines, scope and outcomes.
Data acquisition - Ensure that we are collecting the right data in the right way. Conscientious about how data is structured to ensure consistency.
System architecture and scalability - Structure the tables and systems to ensure scalability and streamlined processes.
Lead the team - Improve all processes related to the Reporting Department and team to ensure streamlined communication, action and implementation. Help your peers and reports build the competencies to innovate.
Innovate - Partner with the senior leadership team to evolve your team and its processes - proactively identify areas of research and focus that help people in need.
Our Ideal Candidate:
Experience: 5+ years working in data analytics or business intelligence position. Experience developing insights into data.
Leadership: Has lead or directly managed a team.
Understands: (1) SQL, python, other data languages (2) Third-party tools such as Tableau, Periscope, Pentaho, (3) Enterprise ETL processes,
Motivated: Intrinsically motivated, results-oriented, and able to work autonomously to achieve goals. Curious about solving problems using data.
Puts People Front and Center: Recognize the importance of the people in achieving the mission. The work to attract, hire, retain, and develop people.
Planning: Prioritizes, uses time efficiently, plans for additional resources and develops realistic and actionable plans.
Problem Solver: Focuses on identifying and leading the team in fixing problems and irregularities in internal processes. Comfortable navigating ambiguity and adapting on the fly to create clarity from chaos.
Mission: Has a belief that no task is too small in service of our mission, which is to connect all people in need and the programs that serve them (with dignity and ease).
Austin Based: Located in, or willingness to relocate to, Austin, TX.
What You Get:

Compensation: This is a full-time position compensated with a salary (shocker, we know!)

Great Benefits: We offer a full benefits package, including:
Stock options
Healthcare, dental, and vision for employees and their families (including FSA and HSA)
PTO, with more PTO after you are here a year
401(k)
Short and long-term disability
Life insurance
Commuter benefits
You get to work in Austin. We think this place is pretty awesome.
Meaningful Work: We believe life is too short to work on things you don’t believe passionately in. What you work hard on every day will allow people to find the help they need and lead better lives. That’s no small thing. And given that you are applying for this job we know you care about building things that have impact on people's lives at scale (which is what we want you to do). We are a certified B Corp, meaning rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency are written into our corporate charter.

Apply Today: We are selecting from a broad field of candidates. If you are interested in joining our team please respond to this job posting with the following required items:
Your résumé
A cover letter in which you tell us who you are, and why Aunt Bertha's mission strikes a chord with you. We are most interested in people who are interested in working with us to make the world a better place.
If you have a GitHub, StackOverflow profile and/or links to any projects or other resources that provide the full picture of your experience and skill set, we'd love to see them.
Thank you. We truly hope to hear from you soon.

Aunt Bertha is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are building a company whose employees understand our users, through their own lived experiences. This means we strive to hire employees that are diverse by race, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, religion, sexual orientation, physical abilities, and socio-economic upbringing.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $75,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Vision Insurance
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
We're all working remotely currently. We're also focusing our teams on helping people directly impacted by the pandemic.

Experience:
business analysis: 4 years (Required)
SQL: 4 years (Required)
people management: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Additional Compensation:
Other forms
Work Location:
One location
