With a history dating back to 1925, Alliant Insurance Services is one of the nations leading distributors of diversified insurance products and services. As one of the 10 largest insurance brokerage firms in the U.S., Alliant operates through a national network of offices providing property and casualty, workers compensation, employee benefits, surety, and financial products and services to clients nationwide.

More information is available on the company's web site at: www.alliant.com.

SUMMARY
Gathers, reviews and validates all information related to assigned clients for renewal analysis and marketing purposes, gaining comprehensive familiarity with clients current details and history;
Coordinates with account team to understand strategy for client renewal and define roles and responsibilities. Revisits as needed throughout the renewal development process;
Understands and clarifies clear outline of renewal project action items, including all deadlines;
Collaborates with all current insurance carriers and vendors to obtain preliminary and/or firm renewals and prepares initial financial summary and benefit highlights;
Presents preliminary renewal summaries to account team to determine plan options and/or marketing strategy;
Reviews all marketing and plan option responses, evaluates for accuracy and completeness, and requests clarifications and revisions as needed;
Creates new financial reporting package from templates as needed;
Presents all marketing results and plan options to account team (spreads), works with account team to develop negotiation strategy, and executes negotiation strategy;
Presents all final results to account team; determines content and structure of renewal presentation and identifies additional analytical support materials (i.e.; utilization review, contribution strategy, benchmarking, financial reporting, etc.);
Completes all additional assigned work projects for renewal presentation;
Handles ongoing (monthly/quarterly) client maintenance projects as determined by account team;
Reviews team members work for accuracy and completeness as needed;
Complies with agency management system data standards and data integrity (enters and maintains complete and accurate information);
Other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS

EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE

Bachelors degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. Degree in Business or Mathematics preferred.

0 - 2 years related work experience

Valid insurance license (or must be obtained within 90 days of employment)

Must continue to meet Continuing Education requirements for license renewal

Experience using Salesforce preferred

Knowledge of all major fully-insured lines of benefits insurance (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life and Disability, EAP);

SKILLS

Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite: Excel, Power Point, and Outlook

Intermediate skills in Microsoft Excel

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Excellent problem solving and time management skills

Good customer service skills, including telephone and listening skills

Excellent planning, organizational and prioritization skills

Ability to work within a team and to foster teamwork

Ability to work productively as an individual to accomplish assigned projects

Ability to prioritize work for multiple projects and deadlines

We are proud to provide comprehensive, high quality employee programs to meet employees needs now and in the future, including a very competitive financial package. We encourage you to explore what we have to offer.

For immediate consideration for this position, please click on the Submit Resume button.

Alliant Insurance Services, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, age, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status.

If you are applying for a job and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call our Career Center at 1-877-901-9473 and let us know the nature of your request and contact information.
