Open Position: QA Analyst


mindWireless is a technology and outsourcing firm focused on wireless expense and corporate mobility management with a new corporate office in Austin, TX. Founded in 2000, mindWireless has grown to become a leader in the corporate mobility management market with a list of Fortune 500 clients, and corporate mobility services deployed worldwide.

A key component of the complete mindWireless solution is the mW SMART Platform. This web browser based dashboard provides anywhere and anytime drill down access to the most detailed wireless device usage data for company employees as well as telecom administrators. The mW SMART technology platform improves the strategic decision making and control of even the most complex wireless expense management program.

mindWireless is seeking a talented and driven Quality Assurance analyst preferably with at least 3 years of relevant experience testing commercial software applications.This position requires the ability to identify solutions, plan and execute through completion, as well as communicate with others throughout the company and directly with customers. Your ability to contribute will only be limited by your personal ambition and drive. For real!

Minimum Qualifications
Thorough understanding of QA methodologies in an agile development environment
Strong analytical skills and excellent attention to detail
The ability to design, develop, and debug SQL code
Communicates clearly and concisely, both written and orally
Additional Ideal Qualifications
Understanding of how to use metrics to measure quality
SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) package development experience
Preferable knowledge of testing .NET applications
Ability to learn the TEM business in order to conceptualize and understand requirements
Personality
Takes the initiative in solving problems and achieving project milestones
Desire to work with various teams across the company to help achieve results
Demonstrates consistent critical thinking regarding product behavior and user impact
Ability to manage multiple assigned tasks
mindWireless offers excellent benefits to our employees. In addition to a competitive compensation plan, as part of our partnership with Insperity, we offer one of the best available benefit programs for small businesses, including healthcare plan, long-term and short-term disability, life insurance, and paid vacation time.

Employees have access to online training as well as employee discounts with many retailers.

mindWireless works to maintain the best possible environment for our employees, where people can learn and grow with the company.We strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning and culture.

If you are interested in this position, please email mwcandidates@mindwireless.com

Location: 360 & 2222 – Overlooking Lake Austin
