Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Mechanicsburg, PA

Multiple Openings!

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations.

Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change and put customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bring over 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including every cabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with our clients at the heart of the nation's priorities in defense, intel, public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the people you employ, serve and protect.

As an Entry Level Functional Analyst, you will be responsible for analysis, design, and testing of components of enterprise application functionality, system integration, reporting, security, and/or architecture. You will be involved in maintenance, enhancement and/or project support. You will have a range of skills and knowledge of the technologies used and applications supported by Client Service Teams and reports to an Accenture Supervisor and Client Service Team Manager.

Key Responsibilities:
Work with Client, Accenture, and Teaming Partners on and across their assigned Sustainment Support Team.
Plan and execute all required process steps as defined in Accenture Methodologies.
Provide and own application support in assigned areas.
Anticipate, identify, track and resolve issues and risks affecting the applications.
Analyze, design and test break/fix requests and enhancements of the application.
Provide primary support toward installation of application releases into production as directed.
Participate in structured peer reviews / walkthroughs.
Create operational documentation for the application.
Meet service commitments for assigned deliverables and proactively provide work status.
Provide input to assist in determining level of work effort for assigned activities.
