Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet


We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us!



As a Senior Marketing Manager within Market & Analyst Relations, you will be an expert on the Finance and Risk Solutions market including understanding the industry, personas, value differentiators and competitors leveraging primary and secondary research to create insight. You will action your insight in two ways: First, through the development and execution of an analyst relations program to strengthen our brand and boost sales. This role will maintain ongoing relationships with industry analysts across all tiers of analyst firms and own quarterly briefings. Second, by informing our market messaging, product roadmap priorities, and enablement differentiators. You will act as a key strategic advisor as you collaborate across product, marketing, customer insight and sales to provide guidance on industry views and analyst opinions to the business to inform strategy, business, and marketing decisions.

Key responsibilities:
Actively work to research, assess, develop and maintain and an external view of the market including industries, personas, differentiated value and competitors
Build and execute an industry analyst relationship program and maintain engagement with key analysts to promote our ongoing innovation and offerings (e.g., quarterly briefings)
Act as a client evangelist to ensure the business understands the market landscape and how it’s shifting to inform market messaging, product roadmaps and enablement.
As the ideal candidate, you will be highly analytical and have experience assessing a market and developing and executing analyst relations programs. You will be assertive, collaborative and operate with a bias toward action.

Key Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business or related field.
7+ years of experience in B2B product marketing.
Experience using market trends, knowledge and product development to grow the business.
Analytical knowledge with strong communication and presentation experience
Experience working effectively with cross-functional teams and external industry analysts.
Proficient with Microsoft Office tools
Preferred Qualifications:
MBA or other advanced degree.
Ability to learn new areas quickly, take ownership of issues, develop recommendations and execute on proposal.
Exceptional intellect, superior problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
#LI-ME1

Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.

Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com.
