The work we do every day matters. From modernizing the grid and ensuring safe, reliable water delivery to creating smarter cities, you can make an impact with Itron.Itron is seeking a Technical HRIS Analyst responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of human resource information systems (HRIS) associated with the collection, retrieval, accessibility and usage of employee information for Human Resource department planning and activities. This position will serve as a subject matter expert and system administrator ensuring data integrity, system functionality, testing of system changes, reporting and data analysis. Perform research and testing for fixes as needed and quickly resolves issues. Supports HRIS upgrades, patches, testing and other technical projects as assigned. Work with all levels of HR staff in assessing needs for various business functions. Assist in identifying and analyzing options and recommends business process enhancements. Collaborate and partner with Compensation, Benefits, Organizational Development, Training, and IT, as well as Global HR personnel. Effectively use analytical, problem solving and customer service skills.* Manage multiple and simultaneous projects dealing with the administration of HRIS applications.* Act as technical subject matter expert to ensure data integrity, testing of system changes, report writing and data flow analysis. Provide support for HRMS including, but not limited to, researching and resolving HRMS problems, unexpected results or process flaws; perform scheduled activities; recommend solutions or alternate methods to meet requirements. Evaluate and analyze system and interface data.* Supports HRMS upgrades, patches, testing and other technical projects as assigned. Collaborate with functional and technical staff on application upgrades, patches, and fixes.* Identify and recommend process/customer service improvements, innovative solutions or alternate methodologies/policy changes.* Develop user procedures, guidelines and documentation. Train customers on new processes/functionality. Train new system users.Experience:* Experience with SAP, Oracle or other HCM platforms* Experience using query and other programming languages, such as SQL, XML, HTML* Data Analysis and ability to evaluation large data sets required* Project management and systems implementation experience required* Experience in a Unix/Linux environment preferred* Ability to work independently and be a self starter* Ability to build relationships and instill confidence with business partnersEducation: Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent experienceTravel: 1-10%Location: Position can be located in Liberty Lake, WA or Austin, TX. Itron may pay relocation for those open to relocating.Physical Demands: This is a typical office job, with no special physical requirements or unusual work environment.Itron is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, citizenship, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, medical condition, veteran status, disability, genetic information, gender identity or other characteristics protected by law. If you require an accommodation in order to apply to this position, please contact your local recruiting representative at 1-800-635-5461 or email Accessibility@itron.com.#LI-JO1
