POSITION SUMMARY:


The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for analyzing data to identify data quality issues and recommend the best course of action to address them. The position is responsible for the various analysis required on a regular basis from other teams in the organization.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Brainstorm broad concepts and ideas of various reporting designs, both individually and with the team, and translate those into a consumable, tangible objective
Experience working with QlikView/QlikSense to develop Rapid applications, Proof of Concepts and mockups
Understand business requirements, business processes and data sources and define project objectives accordingly
Assist with data identification, data acquisition, data cleansing, data preparation, completeness testing, data loading, etc.
Write scripts to analyze data based on business rules for ad-hoc analytics projects and/or development and implementation of reusable data analysis tools
Creating Business and functional specifications at the level necessary to extend or customize existing proof of concept product
Gather requirements using interviews, document analysis, requirements, workshops, business process descriptions, use business case scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis
Develop project documentation, testing materials, training materials, requirements gathering including downstream and upstream interface requirements and adhering to a project management methodology is a must
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Perform basic statistical analyses for projects and reports
Strong knowledge of Data Management Techniques and Key Performance Metrics. Ability to filter and clean data, and review reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code and data source problems
Communication Skills: The ability to translate the data into an understandable insight and present complex information simply, easily, and clearly. The individual should be able to story-tell with data, form relationships with all key stakeholders and tailor communication styles to specific audience needs
Critical Thinking: Analyze numbers, uncover trends, and draw conclusions based on the findings. Leverage problem-solving skills and frameworks to develop solutions. Reconcile data conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, and take low-level information up to a more general understanding
Good work ethics and the ability to work effectively under pressure with tight deadlines.
Ability to work in a team and interact with developers in distributed work environments.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor of Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Quantitative Analysis.
Minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.
Minimum 5 years of experience with SQL script, data structure and data analysis.
Minimum 5 years of experience with ETL tools such as QlikView, Qliksense, Alteryx, etc.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:

Ability to define problems, collect and reconcile data, validate data against source information
Motivated, shows initiative, and ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Drive for Results (Service, Quality, and Continuous Improvement)
Commitment to the successful achievement of team and organizational goals
Demonstrate a focus on listening to and understanding client/customer needs and then delighting the client/customer by exceeding service and quality expectations
PHYSICAL DEMANDS & WORK ENVIRONMENT:

Duties are typically performed in an office setting
This position requires the ability to use a computer keyboard, communicate over the telephone and read printed material.
Duties may require working outside normal working hours (evenings and weekends) at times
Travel required for this position: No ___ or Yes _X_ : If yes state anticipated percent for travel: up to 5%
OUR OPPORTUNITY

Driven by the passion for elevating the science and utility of genetic testing, Natera is committed to helping families identify and manage genetic diseases. Natera is a rapidly-growing diagnostics company with proprietary bioinformatics and molecular technology for analyzing DNA. Our complex technology has been proven clinically and commercially in the prenatal testing space and we are actively researching its applications in the liquid biopsy space for developing products with oncology applications.

The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, youll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, youll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.

WHAT WE OFFER

Competitive Benefits. Healthy catered lunches, Premium snacks and beverages, Onsite gym with cardio and weight-training equipment, Game room with satellite TV, Onsite dry cleaning and alteration service with pick-up and delivery, Employee-organized sport leagues, Happy hours and BBQs, Generous Employee Referral program.

For more information, visit www.natera.com.

Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.

All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.
