In this role you will:

The Delivery Mgmt (DEM) team is looking for an innovative Logistics Delivery Analyst to provide insight into daily delivery execution. You will analyze shipments in the carrier network in order to assess risk of late deliveries, build reporting, and provide updates to DEM cross-functional business partners.
Drive KPIs across internal functions and external suppliers, influencing the team to take swift action where performance moves outside agreed-upon SLAs
Drive Logistics daily operations and work with carrier analyst and RSMs on driving trend analysis and improvements to on time delivery performance
Manage escalations as needed
Foster relationships with Regional Supplier Managers (RSMs) across AMR Logistics and other lines of business
Be a part of an exciting team that has a broad view of the Logistics operation
We'd loe to hear from you if:
Customer-focused mindset
Demonstrated ability to obtain, manipulate, and analyze data sets to drive improvements
Experience managing cross-functionally with key internal stakeholders, including how to influence without authority
Interest in learning more about the Apple Logistics organization
Intermediate to Advanced Excel skills
Business Objects, Tableau and/or SAP preferred
Education
BA/BS required with 3 years minimum experience in logistics/transportation industry

Why Kelly®?


By partnering with Kelly® IT, youll have direct connections to top companies around the globegiving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of todays most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. Were here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.

]]
