Are you someone who is passionate about helping others and enjoys leveraging your technical skills to do so? WellSky is seeking an energetic and personable Support Analyst to provide application support to our Home Health and Hospice clients!

As an Support Analyst, you will be play an integral role on our team by providing both procedural and technical support related to the EMR, billing, and training aspects of our software application. Our goal is to ensure that our clients feel supported and can focus on providing care to the populations they serve.

A day in the life!

You will be responsible for the following:
Supporting user-facing applications in a fast-paced environment
Providing superior customer service and ensuring outstanding quality
Troubleshooting and documenting software operational and technical issues
Completing thorough documentation of issues
Escalating unresolved issues when needed, and maintaining ownership of cases through their resolution
Ensuring the required response and resolution times are met
Collaborating with and supporting other team members
Assist engineering and QA in identifying, debugging, testing, and resolving customer-facing application issues
Our Team Members

Work well with our clients and each other
Exhibit strong communication, listening and organizational skills
Are enthusiastic about ongoing learning and growth
Have a thirst for solving problems
Work both collaboratively and independently
Manage their time extremely well
Learn new technologies quickly
Do you have what it takes?

Required Experience:
Strong technical acumen
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Previous work experience, technical preferred
Proficiency with MS Office and Windows OS
Experience with cross-functional collaboration
A strong desire for learning and professional growth
Associates degree or equivalent experience in a customer facing role
Do you stand above the rest?

Preferred Experience:
Bachelor's degree in analytical and/or technical study (Business, Finance, Math, Accounting, MIS, IT, etc)
1+ year of technical support, customer service, or related experience.
Experience with Web-based software support is a plus.
Strong communication skills and a good sense of humor.
Ability to provide friendly and professional customer service.
Ability to learn quickly and then use that knowledge to solve problems effectively.
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Word.
Home healthcare, nursing, or healthcare experience a plus.
Spanish language skills are also a plus.
About Wellsky

WellSky is a technology company advancing human wellness worldwide. Our software and professional services address the continuum of health and social care — helping businesses, organizations, and communities solve tough challenges, improve collaboration for growth, and achieve better outcomes through predictive insights that only WellSky solutions can provide. A portfolio company of TPG Capital, WellSky serves more than 10,000 customer sites around the world — including the largest hospital systems, blood banks and labs, home health and hospice franchises, government agencies, and human services organizations. Informed by more than 30 years of providing software and expertise, WellSky anticipates providers' needs and innovates relentlessly to help people thrive. Our purpose is to empower care heroes with technology for good, so that together, we can realize care's potential and maintain a healthy, flourishing world.

We're looking for talented individuals who want to use their skills to build a strong, technology-driven company. We offer competitive salaries, great benefits, a new Health Savings Account with a generous employer contribution and a casual and fun environment that encourages quality, creativity and excellence. Enjoy all we have to offer. We invite you to join us. Apply today!

WellSky provides equal employment opportunities to all people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category.

Applicants for U.S. based positions with WellSky must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
