Project Analyst

Job Details
Level
Entry
Job Location
94 - FSG Telecom - Austin, TX
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
High School
Salary Range
Undisclosed
Travel Percentage
Negligible
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Construction
Description
Facility Solutions Group is dedicated to timeless contribution and service in lighting, electrical, energy, and technology fields. Our mission is to consistently provide our customers with superior value through quality products, service and support by contributing to the quality of life of all employees.

As one of the nation’s largest single-source providers of lighting and electrical products, electrical services, electrical construction, energy management, and telecom solutions is expanding their staff and seeking a Project Analyst to join the Telecom team.

JOB DESCRIPTION

As a Project Analyst, you will report directly to the divisional A&E Department Manager. The A&E department is responsible for partnering with key customer stakeholders to coordinate design assistance and implementation of the required deliverables. The position will be supported by subcontractors and a design team to produce high-value solutions that will become industry standards.

Project Analyst will:
Use data analysis skills to research and identify solutions on A&E matters
Serve as the subject matter expert liaison for authorizations and/or leader on cross-functional teams.
Provide CAD support for telecommunications systems through the preparation of construction plan & profile drawings, plotting, scanning, and meeting project schedules in a timely manner
Order utility locates for project site
May involve runner/courier responsibilities that include researching map records, dropping off plan submittals, and picking up/delivering permits.
Consults with mangers regarding model accuracy, design, and drafting standards.
Research city “as-builts” to establish existing utility routing
Read and interpret drawings/maps for data verification and project design.
Other duties as assigned
Uploading deliverables and working with the Finance team to ensure smooth and timely billing.
Attend required project meetings on a daily and weekly basis.
Daily field progress incorporation, impact analysis and inter-logic milestone call-out for progress.
Cultivating and maintaining an excellent working relationship with all internal and external stakeholders, including clients.
Qualifications
JOB REQUIREMENTS
High School Diploma
2 Years of Project Management Experience
Must be able to pass a drug and background check
Motivated self-starter possessing intellectual curiosity and desire for process-improvement
Ability to think critically about issues, to find solutions in limited time frames required
Exceptional analytical and data analysis skills with strong attention to detail required
Solid organizational and time management skills
Strong "team player" that can work in a fast-paced project environment
High attention to detail and strong team attitude.
Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
WE OFFER
Top of industry wages
Stable employment
401K Program with matching contributions
Medical, Dental and Life benefits
Accrued vacation time upon qualification
Advancement opportunities for outstanding performers
