What we are looking for


Experience, or strong interest, in sales or sales enablement, ideally in software or consulting services. Curiosity. Creativity. Good listening skills. Executive presence. These are core attributes of BTS all-stars.

We are also looking for entrepreneurial drive and scrappiness. Intellectual horsepower with strong business and financial acumen. A desire to present to a room that will have 200+ smart, eager people in it. We have consultants from all kinds of backgrounds, work experience, and education. We love diversity and variety.

We do have a few requirements. A Bachelor’s degree. Strong communication skills. Willingness to travel as indicated above. And eligibility to work in the US permanently without sponsorship.

What you´ll do at BTS


As a Sales Practice Consultant, you’ll work directly with sales leaders from some of the world’s leading corporations. Global 100 and 500 largest companies. You’ll identify business results and then find key behaviors that drive sales. You’ll then craft learning experiences and simulations that build critical capabilities. The experiences we create and facilitate allow our clients to practice in a risk-free environment, and to walk away with tangible action plans.

And you’ll do a lot more than this.

You’ll be shaping the leadership capabilities of our clients’ sales leaders as well as cultivating the skills of thousands of developing leaders across the globe. You’ll help customize a gamified sales execution platform that helps sales managers more effectively manage.

We work in small teams and on multiple projects at one time, across different industries, and with different internal teams. You won’t fly to the same city every week for three straight months, sitting in a spare cube at the client’s office. You’ll travel when you’re delivering a program. This comes out to approximately 50-60% of the time.

The rest of the time is spent creating the amazing experiences we provide for our clients. Interviewing clients, conducting research and analysis, testing programs, laughing. You’ll laugh a lot and have a lot of fun. And this is all done in a team-based setting where our entrepreneurial culture of freedom and responsibility empowers you to contribute from your first day. You'll also be responsible for managing client relationships, finding new clients and opportunities, and growing the careers of others BTSers.
Job Location
Austin
Position Type
Full-time
Languages required
English
Work permit required
USA
