Posted: Jul 9, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200172901
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish!

The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple and help us leave the world better than we found it!

The AppleCare Online Business Platform team is growing, and we are looking for a Product Owner to deliver the next generation support experience to our external and internal customers. The successful candidate has an eye for business and deep technical knowledge, and will work closely with engineering, QA, UX, and business teams to build highly available web sites, internal tools, site enhancements, and integration with various internal/external services to provide best in class support for our users.
Key Qualifications
5+ years in a software product management, product owner, or business analyst role
Expertise in software product development lifecycle
Experience developing short-term (quarterly) and long-term product roadmaps and identifying new markets to explore
Experience breaking down high level features into tactical user-stories and assigning and tracking them across multiple organizations.
Experience working with remote business/leadership teams.
Understanding of product design, dependencies, and tradeoffs
Ability to influence business partners at all levels
Proven track record of on-time and quality delivery of software products.
Knowledge of HTML/CSS/JavaScript
Knowledge of web services; should be able to define the requirements for RESTful services thoroughly
Demonstrable history of identifying and resolving cross-project interdependencies.
Extensive experience managing competing and changing priorities.
Experience in agile scrum methodology as product owner
Experience delivering highly effective Web-based tools.
Description
Responsible for managing and delivering an extraordinary online experience to Apple’s customers; building internal-facing tools, enhancing website and Web service capabilities, and implementing processes that enable Apple to deliver an extraordinary customer experience.

Manage enhancement requests and feature prioritization. Responsible for the on-schedule delivery of new features, bug fixes, and enhancements for AppleCare Digital Products. Facilitate effective communication between business and engineering teams to get issues resolved. Coordinate UAT to ensure development is consistent with business requests. Work with business partners to monitor overall health of projects/products and drive resolutions in a timely manner.

You enjoy technical conversations with engineers and non-technical professionals, and you are also comfortable presenting in front of senior leaders. You understand the high-profile nature of Apple’s business, and are willing to apply your experience in a way that meets Apple’s meticulous standards for design, brand integrity, and customer privacy.

You will own the development and ongoing enhancements of our web applications and services. In addition, you will:
Identify, analyze, prioritize and refine the requirements to communicate to the Engineering team.
Partner with multiple product owners to prioritize trade-offs, clarify requirements, and work to drive user stories to acceptance throughout Agile software development lifecycle
Write user stories and acceptance criteria, refine product backlog, and advocate for end-user and business needs working collaborative with product owners on this space.
Education & Experience
Bachelor of Computer Science degree required. Master's or equivalent experience in a related field a plus
