We are looking for a Senior Business Technology Analyst who will partner with stakeholders across Bazaarvoice to support and streamline operations while facilitating business growth. This dynamic position blends both strategic project and operational Salesforce CPQ related activities. As an analyst, you play a key role in defining business requirements and providing detailed documentation and testing. You are a customer-oriented problem solver with advanced analytical skills; your communication and documentation skills are outstanding. You are naturally curious and can build consensus, provide valuable feedback to business owners and bring change. You demonstrate a positive can do' approach to problem solving and can stay calm under pressure.

Responsibilities:

Gather and document Salesforce CPQ business requirements and use cases needed for testing - participate in and execute testing for releases
Facilitate discussions among business owners to determine the best solution to roadmap future enhancements through working sessions, new process mapping, and process redefinitions
Provide strong analytical and problem-solving skills to effectively collect requirements, identify alternatives, and design and deploy quality solutions
Support and manage the Salesforce data governance queue and maintenance activities
Develop effective Salesforce CPQ reporting and provide troubleshooting as needed to solve business issues and drive improvements
Support end-to-end feature and/or system enhancements, including discovery/requirements gathering, solution design, build/configuration, QA/UAT and training.
Work with development team to ensure the design and development of technology solutions fulfills all business requirements, achieves desired customer experience objectives and goals.
Subject Matter Expert - become an expert in cross functional process related to Bazaarvoice business systems. Drive system and process changes resulting in improvements in system usage, internal efficiency, and data accuracy
Develop metrics to establish or measure improvement success
Lead, communicate, and train users on system or process changes - training documentation will be require d
Definition and maintenance of data standards. Educating user community on data standards. Keeping abreast of business changes and adapting standards to meet new needs as they arise
Skills and Experience:

6 - 10 years
of business experience with a management consulting focus and working through complex project initiatives from marketing through fulfillment and services including IT system implementations and SKU deployments
Demonstrated experience working with an enterprise Salesforce solution - must be able to pull reports, create dashboards, complete imports, exports and data transformation as required; admin and data migration experience is a plus
Proven success developing and documenting requirements and seeing these IT requirements through deployment and testing
Advanced to expert skills in Microsoft Visio, Excel, and PowerPoint. Experience creating dashboards, reports, graphs, charts as well as developing work instructions
Proven expertise in process definition and improvement methodologies; Lean/Six Sigma experience and certification preferred
Ability to work effectively with a diverse team at a high pace; Must have exceptional problem-solving skills and communication skills
Service oriented team player with a can do attitude and approach to supporting our partners
, JIRA, OpenAir, CPQ, NetSuite and related app proficiency or other experience with systems related to our services organization a plus
About Bazaarvoice

Bazaarvoice connects brands and retailers to consumers, so that every shopping experience feels personal. From search and discovery to purchase and advocacy, Bazaarvoice's solutions reach in-market shoppers, personalize their experiences, and give them the confidence to buy. Each month in the Bazaarvoice Network, more than a billion consumers view and share authentic content including reviews, questions and answers, and social photos across 6,000 brand and retail websites.

Bazaarvoice completed the acquisition of Influenster in August 2019 and with the 2 companies coming together we are able to create an even more attractive proposition for our clients.
Influenster is a digital destination where consumers discover products and reviews that enable them to make well-informed purchase decisions with over 6 million members who have written over 38 million product reviews.

Founded in 2005, Bazaarvoice is headquartered in Austin, Texas with offices in North America, Europe, and Australia. For more information, visit

.

Why join Bazaarvoice?
We're committed to client success: There are over 5K brand and retail websites in the Bazaarvoice network. Our clients represent some of the world's leading companies across a wide range of industries including retail, apparel, automotive, consumer electronics and travel.
We're leaders in consumer-generated content: Each month, more than one-half billion consumers view and share authentic consumer-generated content, such as ratings and reviews, curated photos, social posts and videos, about products in our network. Last year, 135K reviews were submitted each day.
Our network delivers: Network analytics provide insights that help marketers and advertisers provide more engaging experiences that drive brand awareness, consideration, sales, and loyalty.
We're a great place to work: We pride ourselves on our unique culture. Join a company that values passion, innovation, authenticity, generosity, respect, teamwork, and performance.
Commitment to diversity and inclusion

Bazaarvoice provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all team members and applicants according to their experience, talent, and qualifications for the job without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy, gender stereotyping, and marital status), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military/veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law in every location in which the company has facilities. Bazaarvoice believes that diversity and an inclusive company culture are key drivers of creativity, innovation and performance. Furthermore, a diverse workforce and the maintenance of an atmosphere that welcomes versatile perspectives will enhance our ability to fulfill our vision of creating the world's smartest network of consumers, brands, and retailers.
