The Security Analyst II correlates data and reports from different sources, make logical inferences about that data, and are able to publish results. The Security Analyst II ability to develop tools and scripts to aid in data processing or other aspects of log and or security research. The Security Analyst II provides assistance in review of firewalls, intrusion detection systems and enterprise anti-virus software. The Security Analyst II assist in vulnerability scans as requested to determine potential exposure. The Security Analyst II participate in incident response procedures as needed to assist in root cause analysis through established processes and procedures. The Security Analyst II makes recommendations in established processes and procedures. The Security Analyst II evaluates alerts and reports to assist in tuning security systems for accurate results. Remediate compromised endpoints through established processes and procedures and with current toolset. The Security Analyst II review detailed log analysis. Provides / Review recommendations for remediation based on that review, correlation and log analysis. Prepare reports as requested.The ideal candidate for The Security Analyst II must have excellent written and verbal communication skills and he able to work with others in teams and share analysis and collaborate well on problems.Be part of a Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC)team supporting all Security Risk Management functions for the BSW HealthPlans, including:Audit Management: Support external audits (HIPAA, MAR, SOC1, OIG, TDI, HHS,etc.) Support internal audits, reviews, and assessments Gather evidence, analyze requirements, and coordinateresponses to audits and security inquiries Manage security findings with business stakeholders acrossthe organization Document, review, and manage risk assessments Perform regular reviews of systems, and applications forcompliance with policies and controlsProvide general oversight and guidance for informationsecurity across the BSW health plans: Interact with business stakeholders across the healthplans to understand the environment, identify potential risks, and communicateconcerns Effectively communicate security exposures, misuse, ornon-compliance situations Review and update security policies and processes specificto the health plans Assess projects, changes, and general environment controlsfor security risks and vulnerabilities Develop and maintain reports and documentation Continually monitor information security controls andprocesses for effectiveness1. Passionateabout and experienced in IT Security Governance, Compliance, and Risk (GRC)2. Excellentcommunicator, both written and verbal3. Ableto work efficiently both individually and companionably as part of a teamSkilled in using Microsoft Excel and Word+ Specialty/Department/Practice Austin Northwest+ Shift/Schedule Fulltime Day shift+ Benefits Our competitive benefits package includes*:+ + Immediate eligibility for health and welfare benefits+ 401(k) savings plan with dollar-for-dollar match up to 5%+ Tuition Reimbursement+ PTO accrual beginning Day 1*Note: Benefits may vary based upon position type and/or level.QUALIFICATIONS- EDUCATION - Bachelors or Equivalent Exp- EXPERIENCE - A minimum of 4 years experience requiredAs a health care system committed to improving the health of those we serve, we are asking our employees to model the same behaviors that we promote to our patients. As of January 1, 2012, Baylor Scott & White Health no longer hires individuals who use nicotine products.We are an equal opportunity employer committed to ensuring a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
