urgent need for a Data Scientist, Essentially, the guidance was, send resumes and we’ll place them if we can. This is the same team out in Bothell, so the location requirements are the same. The role is an uber-data analyst with data modelling and coding capabilities. Data Scientist Job Description Job Overview  We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our analytics and marketing teams by analysing click stream data and helping create a system for anomaly detection and propensity models. The ideal candidate is adept at data mining/data analysis methods of very large data sets using a variety of data tools.  The ideal candidate should be capable of building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams to create solutions that will be usable across many organizations.  Responsibilities for Data Scientist  Develop methods to create ongoing anomaly detection with click stream data.  Develop methods to create propensity models with click stream data. Work with stakeholders throughout the organisation to identify opportunities for leveraging click stream data.  Mine and analyze data from multiple sources including database and real time streaming.  Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of data sources and data gathering techniques.  Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Qualifications for Data Scientist  Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development.  Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, Java, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.  ? Experience working with and creating data architectures. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. We’re looking for someone with 5-7+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a BS or higher in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools or their functional equivalent:  o Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: Java, R, Python, SQL o Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: Anomaly detection, propensity modeling, etc. o Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: Java, R, Python, SLQ, etc. o Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. o Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Business Objects, Tableau, D3, chart.js, etc
