Viri Technology is seeking an up and coming Data Scientist for an immediate FTE role with a growing embedded startup in the Seattle area.  This is for a client that is bringing a unique approach of solving the world's traffic problems via automation, and owns both the hardware and software solutions in house.  If you are looking to launch your career as a Data Scientist, read on! Description: We are looking for someone that is not just a "pie in the sky" data scientist.  Yes, we want you to bring good theory and ideas to the table, but balanced with hard core software development and engineering skills.  This is a startup where you have the opportunity (and need to bring) as much to the table as possible as you would be both the scientist as well as engineer.  If you have the bonus skills of having some backend Node skills, even better!  Breadth of skills in a role like this will be vitally important to the team's success. Qualifications include: - 2+ years of professional Data Science expertise, ideally a few years to balance our your skills. Fresh of school is too jr, we need some practical skills that are applicable to the real world - Strong core data science tools to include "R", Python scripting and good fundamental SQL skills.  You have a mix of relational and non-relational database experiences - A strong background in Mathematics (BA/BS) or related degree i.e. Computer Science / Engineering - A passion for making meaningful insights from the data you are creating  - Solid programming skills.  Our client's technology stack is a mix of C++, Node.JS, Python on top of a Linux environment.  Open source/web skills are a definite plus. - The ability to work in a small close knit team and come up with new ideas as needed. If you feel qualified and interested in this immediate FTE role, helping solve the world's traffic problems, let's chat!  Chris at Viri Technology is a former software engineer turned Partner of the firm, and has a great deal more to share about this exciting opportunity.  Let's build a great professional relationship today!
