Data Scientist     -      Requisition ID      105274  
 USA-Virginia-Chantilly        
   Description    
 L3 Applied Defense Solutions currently has an opening for a System Engineer, Subject Matter Expert in Chantilly, VA. 

 KEY ROLE: 
 The Subject Matter Expert (SME) will provide data science and machine learning expertise. This individual will be responsible for performing sophisticated analytics and statistical modeling. The Subject Matter Expert (SME) will be part of the System Engineering Team working in collaboration with a Government Customer to redefine space operations and decision-making at a National level. The System Engineering Team supports the development, maintenance, and training of advanced software applications. 
 Duties: 
 
 Work with and analyze large amounts of data. Interact with functional experts, at all levels, to understand the data challenges, user needs, and to identify new opportunities.   
 Provide expert perspective on modeling approach, technique and tools in resolving the engineering problem.   
 Develop data mining and machine learning models to improve system understanding and decision making.   
 Collaborate with the system engineering team and the software development team to implement models into a larger application.   
 Work individually and as a team member to ensure new capabilities are realized and stable in production systems.   
 Identify, assess, and document potential data sources and flows.   
 Support end-user training and/or provide input to software documentation and user guides. For example, provide both a lay person description, and as well expert description, of models that have been implemented and the associated strengths and weakness of the models.   
 Support other system engineer team tasks and models as needed.   
 Research latest technique and tools.         
   Qualifications    
 REQUIRED SKILLS: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or related science and engineering field.   
 Minimum 5 years hands-on experience in mathematical/statistical model buildings.  
 Experience applying machine learning to database analysis and data modeling.  
 Relevant work experience implementing models in software applications and/or working hand-in-hand with software development teams to implement models in Java applications.  
 Strong oral and written communication skills.  
 Ability to work in a team environment, not only in an isolated modeling environment. This team work is necessary to develop an understanding of the data, the capabilities needed, and the associated analysis/modeling that is required.  
 Active TS/SCI security clearance with polygraph.    

 
 DESIRED SKILLS:  
 
 Experience with, and technical understanding of machine learning and data analysis services offered commercially via AWS.  
 Experience in C++, Java, Excel, MATLAB, and Python, as well as SQL, data mining methodologies, and practical implementations of machine learning algorithms in software applications.  
 Familiarity with space systems and astrodynamics tasks such as orbit determination, conjunction assessment and collision avoidance.  
 Experience deploying, maintaining, and developing against big data engines, such as HADOOP and SPLUNK.  
 Experience developing data visualization tools using a web-based framework.  
 Graduate degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or related science and engineering field.     
 L3 is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage minorities, women, protected veterans and disabled individuals to apply. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing to include background checks. 
 

 
 L3 is a prime contractor in aerospace systems and national security solutions. L3 is also a leading provider of a broad range of communication and electronic systems and products used on military and commercial platforms. 
 L3 Applied Defense Solutions (ADS) is a highly-specialized Technical Services and Solutions group that applies our operational experience and development knowledge to provide unique subject matter expertise and to build highly effective mission critical systems for its' customers. L3 ADS addresses the space systems, national security space, geospatial information systems, and modeling &amp; simulation markets for the Department of Defense, Intelligence Community, Civil Space, and the Commercial Space Industry. L3 ADS has on-going work spanning the full project life cycle from mission concept studies, research &amp; development, system development &amp; integration, mission planning, and mission operations across multiple satellite orbit regimes (LEO, HEO, GEO, lunar, and interplanetary). 
 During the history of our group, our highly technical staff has operational experience flying more than 50 satellites including past and future NASA science missions (IBEX, LCROSS, LADEE, CPOD, OCO-2, TESS and CYGNSS), military communications satellites, and commercial imagery satellites. The partnership and collaboration among the L3 ADS staff possessing a broad range of skills and a diverse set of background experiences make the L3 ADS team a dynamic and exciting place to work. 
 We offer a competitive benefits package for Full-time and Part-time employees to include: paid holidays, paid time off, medical, dental, vision, flexible spending account, long and short-term disability and company paid life insurance, 401(k) Employee Stock Purchase Plan, referral bonuses and tuition reimbursement. 

     
 US Security Clearance Required  :        Top Secret SCI with Polygraph  
  Schedule   :        Full-time  
  Shift   :        Day - 1st  
  Travel   :        No  
  Organization   :        Division - Advanced Programs-20000022  
  Job Level      :     Individual Contributor  
  Job Posting      :     Feb 1, 2019, 3:47:34 PM  
  Job      :     Engineering-Systems     


               

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Chantilly, VA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         105274
