LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY Job Description We are seeking a data scientist to aid us in discovering valuable insights hidden in the vast amounts of data we generate daily to help the business make smarter decisions.   Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis and building high quality machine learning models. In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking, problem-solving skills and a passion for machine-learning and data mining are required.   Responsibilities Manage pre-processing of structured and unstructured data. Cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis. Mine data using state-of-the-art methods. Enrich company’s data with third party sources of information when needed. Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytical systems. Build predictive, classification, recommendation and anomaly detection models. Develop internal A/B testing procedures. Select appropriate features, build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques. Present information using intuitive data visualization techniques. Perform ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner. Propose data driven solutions and strategies to business challenges. Collaborate with technology and product development teams.   Skills and Qualifications Minimum 3 years’ overall experience with at least 2 years of experience in data science/machine learning. Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as K-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, Random forests, Linear Regression, Neural networks etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, scikit-learn, MatLab, Rapidminer etc. Excellence in at least one of these is a must. Stellar applied statistics skills such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Some experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. preferred. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig is preferred. Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase is preferred. Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) is preferred. Data-driven mindset with good communication skills. Must be a confident self-starter who can completely own the delivery of high value work products. Ability to analyze problems in detail and develop solutions. Must be a self-sufficient, flexible, and motivated team player capable of managing several activities simultaneously. Financial industry experience preferred.   Education B.S. in Computer Science, Engineering or other relevant field required. Master’s in Data Science or other quantitative field preferred.   LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY
