We are the pioneer in Big Data for mobility and we are revolutionizing transportation and urban planning to help the world better deploy infrastructure and adapt to new forms of mobility. From legacy systems to ride sharing and bike sharing to autonomous vehicles, our platform powers 1,500+ mobility projects every month for government and private clients, and we're just getting started.   We are seeking a creative, versatile, and motivated Data Scientist to be part of our growing team. This team member will lead data science projects to develop exciting new algorithms for our product, as well as help productize those algorithms into our scalable analytics platform. This position reports to the VP of Engineering. Key Responsibilities: Design algorithms to infer key transportation patterns from various data sources. Research and implement suitable strategies (e.g. regression models, neural networks, etc.) for solving data science problems. Find and build real-world data sets for training various models and doing quality checks. Productize data science algorithms within our data platform, in collaboration with the Application Engineering team. Create visualizations and dashboards to help tell stories with data. Define and implement customized and/or cutting-edge solutions for customers. Skills & Qualifications: BS / MS in Mathematics, Computer Science or an Engineering discipline from a top university. 5-8 years of experience in data science and/or statistics, using tools such as R or Python. 2+ years of experience in SQL and relational databases (PostgreSQL preferred), and good understanding of relational concepts. Strong understanding of techniques in data science (machine learning algorithms, regression analysis, etc.). Strong data analysis skills, knowing what can / cannot be possible, and ability to visualize data in the best way possible. Good communication skills - written, visual (presentations), and verbal. Ability to deliver adequate results on deadline, and make compromises to enable scalability and productization of algorithms. Geo-spatial skills are a plus. Knowledge of transportation data / industry is a plus. Quick learner, and a strong team player.
