WHAT WE DO MATTERS:

Here at The Knot Worldwide, we believe in doing work that matters. In 15 countries around the world, our leading family of brands (The Knot, WeddingWire, Bodas, GigMasters, The Bump, How They Asked, Lasting, and more) inspire, inform, and celebrate our communities as they move through life's milestones. From the proposal to creating a home, and starting a family together, we're there for every step of the journey. Our couples and business partners depend on us. They're all in. So are we.

ABOUT THE ROLE AND OUR TEAM:

The Knot Worldwide is in search of a full-time Data Scientist. Our Data Scientists work with stakeholders across all departments within the company. They answer strategic questions and provide insight to internal decision makers ranging from executives and senior management to product managers and team leads. They also work with our product team to develop data driven algorithms that improve features on the website.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Create smarter product solutions for our couples and vendors
Answer strategic questions by analyzing behavioral data
Communicate, collaborate and present results to clients within The Knot Worldwide
Explore novel ways to look at our data
SUCCESSFUL DATA SCIENTIST CANDIDATES HAVE:
Master's Degree or Ph.D. preferred
Proficiency in key statistical and machine learning techniques (predictive modeling, classification, clustering, text analytics, recommender systems , data mining methods, forecasting, and other advanced techniques)
Proficiency with R or Python
Familiarity with common Linux command line tasks and version control software like git or svn preferable
Ability to communicate effectively and influence others
Ability to work in a fast paced environment and shift gears quickly
At The Knot Worldwide, we believe you are more than a resume and invite you to go for it, take the leap of faith, and apply for this job if it sparks your passion to join TKWW and make a difference!

WHAT WE LOVE ABOUT YOU:
You deeply understand our users and put them at the center of everything you do. You aim to serve and delight them every day.
You are respectful and act with the highest integrity.
You ask questions to understand a perspective and are comfortable respectfully challenging assumptions.
You set clear ambitious goals. You anticipate obstacles, persevere, and are accountable for your commitments.
You aren't afraid to challenge the status quo and know that there's no such thing as failure if you learn from it.
You seek out feedback and never settle in your quest to grow and develop. By being here, you make our company stronger.
WHAT YOU LOVE ABOUT US:

The Knot Worldwide offers a unique employee experience and we are deeply proud of our award-winning culture. From flexible vacation and generous parental leave benefits to promoting wellness and giving back to our community, we believe in happiness above all else—in and out of the office.

----

The Knot Worldwide provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, The Knot Worldwide complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. The Knot Worldwide expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status.

--

This position is not eligible for sponsorship.

--

If you are a resident of California, by submitting your application, you acknowledge that you've read the California Privacy Notice.
