POSITION: Data Scientist – Tibco Suite LOCATION: San Mateo, CA DURATION: 12+ Months Contract (CORP-CORP)/Full time with Spin Analytics and Strategy LLC MODE OF INTERVIEW: 1ST ROUND – SKYPE/2ND ROUND- FACE – FACE JOB DESCRIPTION: A successful candidate must have strong independent application development skills but also be able to contribute significantly to analysis, prototype and design activities. The ability to thrive in an agile iterative and highly collaborative team environment is a must.Provision of technical support for one or more scientific applications, participation in ongoing analysis, design, deployment, validation, implementation, integration, support, and administration for one or more scientific applications. Knowledge or experience with company Tibco technologies, networking, databases, and thin client technologies required. RESPONSIBILITIES: Design, development and implementation of: Business analytics that solve complex problems in a computationally efficient and statistically effective manner Dashboards and scorecards using Software such as Tableau and/or Spot fire Analytics/Visualization Oracle Database Tables and SQL queries Ability to write medium to complex scripts such as R source code and Python Driving Analytics and presenting key findings to stakeholders to answer key business questions using innovative analytic techniques. Design and develop scientific data reporting and visualization capabilities for Client R&D, this includes Enterprise Regulatory Business Management capability reports and data visualization. Manages users, groups, roles, projects, instruments and/or hardware associated with one or more scientific applications REQUIREMENT: Data Scientist who has worked on Tibco Suite products Open source technologies work experience on R language through TIBCO. H2O/Machine learning experience is required. Stream Base experience is required. NLP experience is required and looking at Strong expertise. IOT Integration experience is required. Iron Python and R development skill is a strong plus. Visualization integration with web service is a strong plus Skills in application design and development, design pattern, framework, n tier architecture with at least 8 or more years’ experience. Working knowledge of software development life cycles, configuration management and best software engineering practices. Strong communication skills to interact effectively with project stakeholders and articulate design ideas. Scientific knowledge or experience (analytical chemistry, process development etc.) strongly preferred. Manages users, groups, roles, projects, instruments and/or hardware associated with one or more scientific apps DESIRED: Experience in Spot fire visualization design and development, SQL and Oracle/SQL Server is desired. Experience in scientific application development and functional knowledge on R&D is a strong plus. Experience with other software components for data preparation and integration e.g. Composite and/or programming or scripting environments e.g. .Net, Java, Python, JavaScript is a plus. Functional business process knowledge (for functional area of application set) strongly preferred. EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree in scientific discipline or technology related field, higher degree preferred. Thanks, Yaswanth| Technical Recruiter SPIN ANALYTICS AND STRATEGY LLC. Ph. (408)-495-3247 Email: yaswanthb@spin-strategy.com
