BASIC FUNCTIONS

The Data Scientist uses expertise in programming databases modeling statistics and visualization to analyze data at scale. This may entail querying databases data processing supervised and unsupervised machine learning deploying production models and communicating findings. The Data Scientist must write clean performant reusable code to perform repeatable analyses and to train and deploy models to multiple environments. The Data Scientist assists MAPMG in making strategic data-related decisions by analyzing and manipulating data and building models to assist in the clinical and operational setting.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Create database-to-deployment pipelines for models using the necessary programming languages (primarily Python SQL).

Adhere to data analysis/machine learning best practices to create sustainable data science infrastructure.

Perform exploratory data analysis to gauge the need for or appropriateness of advanced analytical methods.

Work with business partners to identify areas where data science can best deliver value.

Test and validate code to ensure robustness of data applications.

Acts as an advisor or thought partner to stakeholders by identifying issues for resolution providing research expertise and summarizing findings.

Develops and maintains strong business relationships with internal business partners including all levels of management senior leaders service chiefs multiple levels of management and other data users.

Delivers high quality results on time.

QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelor’s degree strongly preferred.

Intermediate to advanced skill with a high-level programming language such as Python.

Basic to intermediate proficiency in SQL.

1+ years working in an applied data science setting.

Knowledge of Git version control or an equivalent version control system.

Knowledge/experience in the healthcare setting particularly healthcare machine learning is preferred.

Software development background preferred.

Ability to express complex mathematical or computing concepts in a clear effective manner.

Strong written and verbal communication skills.

Project management experience preferred.

Strong analytic and organizational skills are required.

Experience in understanding business partner needs documenting partner needs documenting detailed report requirements and the generation of test cases.

Ability to express complex analytical and technical information to senior management or to audiences with clinical training.

Experience

Preferred

Knowledge of Git version control or an equivalent version control system.

1+ years working in an applied data science setting.

Intermediate to advanced skill with a high-level programming language such as Python.

Education

Preferred

Bachelors or better
