Read what people are saying about working here. Join Us as We Make Possibilities Happen

Every action we take as 1ACI redefines what’s possible. As Innovators, we Envision possibilities. As Developers, we Build possibilities. As Leaders, we Empower possibilities.

At ACI, we’re not just driving payments at the speed of change.

We’re Making Possibilities Happen.

Our people are the core of our business. Our 1ACI team represents a globally diverse, passionate and dedicated group of thousands of individuals around the world who share a common commitment to making our customers successful by driving the future of payments. As a Data Scientist in Chantilly you can help make possibilities happen.

Summary:

Develop enterprise-class predictive models for clients in the finance, retail and telecommunications industries utilizing a variety of statistical, machine learning, pattern recognition, and artificial intelligence algorithms, including neural networks, decision trees, logistic regression, clustering and others. Develop models for small and mid-tier financial institutions, processors, retailers and financial intermediaries with oversight by the Director of Data Science.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for all stages of model development, including but not limited to definition of business requirements, data definition and requirements, data securing and transfer, feature and model development, model delivery to internal ACI teams for benchmarking and customer delivery and post go-live customer support.

Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments.

Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources.

Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers.

Minimum Requirements:

B.S. degree in computer science, engineering, physics or other scientific discipline

Experience with one or more machine learning algorithms

Background in one or more of machine learning theory, probability theory, information theory, statistics and core computer science constructs

Strong in either C/C++, Python or Java

Experience with at least one data science framework such as R, SAS or SPSS

Preferred Skills:

M.S or Ph.D. computer science, engineering, physics or other scientific discipline preferred

Experience with multiple machine learning algorithms, including classification, clustering and regression

Strength in broad range of machine learning theory, probability theory, information theory, statistics and core computer science constructs

Experience implementing complex machine learning architectures in either C/C++ or Python

Experience with at least one data science framework such as R, SAS or SPSS

Experience developing models with social network, unstructured data and ‘Big Data’ strongly preferred

Benefits: In return for your expertise, we offer growth, opportunity, and a competitive compensation and benefits package in a casual work environment.

Are you ready to help us transform the world of electronic payments? To learn more about ACI Worldwide, visit our web site at www.aciworldwide.com. ACI Worldwide helps money go mobile. The company develops e-payment and electronic funds transfer (EFT) software for companies around the...
