Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description:

As a Data Scientist, you will help us to build products based on advanced analytics in big data environment, create novel ideas using data science approach, help to improve business performance and optimize the existing solutions. You will collaborate with team of business analysts and engineers and help to understand network and customer data.

Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, feature engineering, statistical analysis, building predictive models and creating scalable solutions to support new business for Data and Advertising Businesses team.

Organizational Context

This is a unique opportunity to join a new, multidisciplinary team of creative and passionate individuals. The team mission is to develop, launch, and operate new businesses that leverage T-Mobile network data, retail, and platform assets.

The scope of on-going projects includes growing businesses such as Mobile Advertising, Mobile Identity, Fraud, Security, Business Insights, Search, Offers and others. These new businesses integrate with and expand beyond T-Mobile’s core business, architecting and executing strategic partnerships and platform capabilities to drive growth and business diversification, developing and leveraging relationships with internal and external parties to source and commercialize new and disruptive businesses. In addition, the team is responsible for developing, launching, and operating the central privacy platform and privacy products, along with coordinating privacy policy and privacy resources with the Government Affairs and Chief Privacy Officer’s organizations.

We’re a lean, flat and experimental team with P&L responsibility that feeds straight into T-Mobile’s bottom line.

Responsibilities:

Work in big data. Solve none-trivial problems using applied mathematics, statistical methods and ML algorithms. Work closely with engineers and help team to deploy and scale end-to-end products in big data environment.

Provide actionable insights at scale. Develop comprehensive analysis of telecom data structures and metrics, build automated reports.

Interact with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with business team to identify opportunities for building successful business products and data platform engineers to build fast and scalable solutions.

Present findings and insights in a clear, visual manner for business recommendations.

Qualifications:

Minimum qualifications:

MS degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, operations research, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering.

2 years of relevant work experience in big data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist/engineer/developer).

Accomplished in Python or R, PySpark, Spark, Scala, SQL

Comfortable with SQL databases and Hadoop-based data mining frameworks.

Preferred qualifications:

PhD degree in a quantitative field.

2-3 years of relevant work experience, including deep expertise with statistical analysis and machine learning algorithms.

Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data.

Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations.

Demonstrated leadership skills and passion for data science.

Minimum Qualifications:

• At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen.
 As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through le...
