Read what people are saying about working here. 

Data Scientist

19WD31691

Americas-United States of America-California-San Francisco

Data Scientist

Location: San Francisco, CA - United States

Job ID: 19WD31691

Position Overview

Autodesk is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Advanced Analytics organization. The Advanced Analytics organization is chartered with building innovative data products and analytics solutions for Autodesk’s strategy, product, marketing, sales and customer support teams. This critical data scientist role will help us make machine intelligence an integral part of how Autodesk makes decisions and designs and builds its products.

You will work alongside a product development team and apply data mining, analytics and machine learning methods to understanding how customers use, adopt and achieve successful outcomes with our products. The ideal candidate is a strong data scientist who thinks outside the box, is naturally curious, highly collaborative, and has a passion for tackling complex data-centric problems.

Responsibilities

Work on a variety of problems that seek to better understand how customers use their products and what drives deeper adoption of products

Apply your quantitative analysis, data mining and machine learning expertise to building models that make sense of user needs, usage patterns, factors that drive deeper adoption and contribute to subscriber churn

Influence product development, strategy and roadmap prioritization

Design and implement machine learning pipelines that improve Autodesk’s evidence-based decision-making capabilities

Tackle complex problems requiring a creative mindset to find innovative and elegant solutions

Minimum Qualifications

BS/MS in the field of Mathematics, Statistics/Analytics, Computer Science or other relevant field

2+ years of applicable work experience

Experience working with relational SQL and NoSQL databases

Experience working with big data platforms (Hadoop, Spark, Hive)

Fluency with one or more of the scripting languages: Python, Java, Scala, etc.

Good understanding of CS fundamentals, e.g. algorithms and data structures

Experience in statistical programming tools such as R, Matlab, SAS, etc.

Experience with data science toolkits: pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, TensorFlow, etc.

Familiarity with statistics concepts and analysis, e.g. hypothesis testing, regression, etc.

Familiarity with Machine Learning techniques, e.g. classification, clustering, regularization, optimization, dimension reduction, etc.

Good communication skills and ability to explain complex topics to a non-technical audience

About Autodesk

With Autodesk software, you have the power to Make Anything. The future of making is here, bringing with it radical changes in the way things are designed, made, and used. It's disrupting every industry: architecture, engineering, and construction; manufacturing; and media and entertainment. With the right knowledge and tools, this disruption is your opportunity. Our software is used by everyone - from design professionals, engineers and architects to digital scientists, students and hobbyists. We constantly explore new ways to integrate all dimensions of diversity across our employees, customers, partners, and communities. Our ultimate goal is to expand opportunities for anyone to imagine, design, and make a better world.

At Autodesk, we're building a diverse workplace and an inclusive culture to give more people the chance to imagine, design, and make a better world.

  As a global leader in 3D design, engineering, and entertainment software, Autodesk helps people imagine, design, and create a better wor...
