We have an urgent opportunity for Data Scientist based in New York. The role is full time with client. SUMMARY The team is looking to add a Senior Data Engineer to be part of a team dedicated to breaking the norm and pushing the limits of continuous improvement and innovation. The individual will be involved in detailed technical design, development and implementation of applications using Amazon AWS platform. Working within an agile environment, the Senior Data Engineer will provide input into architectural design decisions, develop code to meet business needs and ensure the applications we build are meeting high standards of quality and supportability. The individual will have the opportunity to develop his/her technical knowledge and skills while evolving the overall technical maturity of the team. This position will be based in New York City. WHO YOU ARE You want to be part of high profile projects and are motivated by delivering world-class solutions on an aggressive schedule. Someone who is not intimidated by challenges; thrives even under pressure; is passionate about their craft; and hyper focused on delivering exceptional results. You care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation. You have experience with modern, production level Python. You have experience with developing and maintaining production data pipelines. You’re biased for action, and believe in iterating quickly to solve hard problems. You love to learn new technologies and mentor team members to raise the bar on your team. You possess strong experience using SQL to perform data manipulation (writing queries) and data definition. REQUIREMENTS Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent 2-3 years of experience in the AWS Cloud environment. 3-5 years of experience using Python and SQL. 4-6 years of experience working with various database methodologies such relational, columnar, NoSQL. NICE TO HAVE 1 year of experience working on Snowflake Cloud Datawarehouse on AWS. Please share your updated resume to this mail lopa@sohosquaresolutions.com
