Read what people are saying about working here. 

Company: FedEx Services

Job Title: Data Scientist Advisor

Job Requisition Number: RC125040

Category: General

Locations:

Memphis, Tennessee 38116

United States

Provide expert leadership at the enterprise level related to vast quantities of data (including disparate data),enterprise analytics, statistical modeling, and initiatives.

Leads staff in advanced in descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, prescriptive and ensemble modeling, advanced statistical techniques, use of database tools and/or other approaches in quantitative analysis of complex business situations.

Creates and implements solutions from initial concept to fully tested production, and communicates results to a broad range of audiences.

Expert use of current and emerging technologies to evaluate trends and develop actionable insights and recommendations to managements, via understanding of the business model and the information available for analysis.

Expert use of all data types, statistical and quantitative analysis, explanatory and high- complexity productive modeling and fact based management to drive decision making.

Mentors less senior staff.

Leads cross functional projects and programs.

Routinely works on multiple highly complex assignments concurrently.

Knowledge and Skills Considered a Plus:

Advanced SQL

Hive

Hadoop

Ability to manipulate and analyze data with a scientific approach in order to determine the best and most optimal solution

Domicile location : Memphis, Tennessee

Relocation assistance to be considered.

Minimum Qualifications:

Master's degree or equivalent in a quantitative discipline required.

Seven (7) Year work experience in measurement and analysis, quantitative business problem solving, solutions implementation, operations analysis, marketing analysis, simulation development and/or predictive analytics.

Demonstrated superior analytical skills with diverse analytics, data types and statistical software and applications.

Outstanding interpersonal skills, written, and oral communication skill.

Proven leadership skills.

Want a career where you are empowered to make a difference? Want to work for a company that is environmentally responsible? Want to grow and develop on the job? If so, FedEx is the place for you! Every day FedEx delivers for its customers with transportation and business solutions. FedEx serves more than 220 countries and territories around the globe. We can serve this global network due to our outstanding team of FedEx employees. FedEx has over 400,000 talented employees who are tasked with making every FedEx experience outstanding. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer.

Here are some of the recognitions FedEx has received from the past couple of years:

FORTUNE “World’s Most Admired Companies” – 2016

Corporate Responsibility Magazine “100 Best Corporate Citizens” – 2016

InformationWeek “Elite 100” – 2016

Women’s Business Enterprise National Council “America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises” - 2016

Reputation Institute “World’s Most Reputable Companies” – 2015

Black Enterprise “40 Best Companies For Diversity” – 2015

When 400,000 employees around the globe are all working together it is amazing what we can achieve! FedEx connects people and ideas. If you would like to make a difference on a global scale while receiving top notch benefits, competitive pay, and plenty of opportunities to develop, click ‘Apply’ and tell us more about yourself.

EEO Statement - FedEx is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (minorities/females/disability/veterans) that is committed to diversifying its workforce.

 FedEx Corporation (NYSE: FDX), originally known as FDX Corporation, is a logistics services company, based in the United States with head...
