Net2Source, Inc. is one of the fastest growing IT Consulting company across USA. N2S is headquartered at NJ, USA with its branch offices in Asia Pacific Region. N2S offers a wide gamut of consulting solutions customized to client needs including staffing, training and technology.   Role – Data Scientist Location – San Francisco, CA Type: contract   Job Description :-   · BS and Masters degrees in computer science, or related technical, math, or scientific field · 5+ years of professional experience in a business environment · 3+ years of relevant experience in building large scale machine learning or deep learning models and/or systems · 1+ year of experience specifically with deep learning (e.g., CNN, RNN, LSTM), PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS · Strong working knowledge of deep learning, machine learning and statistics. · Hands on experience building models with deep learning frameworks like MXNet, Tensorflow, Caffe, Torch, Theano or similar. · Experience in using Python, R or Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software · Strong communication and data presentation skills · The motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment. · Experience with statistical modeling / machine learning · Strong attention to detail · Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment · Ability to think creatively and solve problems   About Net2Source, Inc. Net2Source is an employer-of-choice for over 1000 consultants across the globe. We recruit top-notch talent for over 40 Fortune and Government clients coast-to-coast across the U.S. We are one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. and this may be your opportunity to join us!   Want to read more about Net2Source? , Visit us at www.net2source.com   Madhukar Singh Office: (201) 340-8700 x 468| Cell: (201) 479-3246 | Fax: (201) 221-8131| Email: madhukar@net2source.com   Web: www.net2source.com | Social: Facebook | Twitter | LinkedIn   2018 – Fastest Growing IT Staffing Firm in North America by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 – Inc. 5000 "Hall of Fame” for 5 times consecutive honoree of Fastest Growing Private Companies in America 2018 – Best of the Best Platinum Award by Agile1
