Read what people are saying about working here. 

Artificial Intelligence (AI) is changing the world and the human experience. Would you like to be a part of the team that is making that happen? AI is a crucial part of Microsoft’s bold mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.

The Microsoft Services Americas Data and AI business is looking for Data Scientists with Data/Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Platform, Business Intelligence, and Data Visualization knowledge and experiences who have a mix of strategic business acumen and hands on experience delivering business application solutions and business value to our customers, in the cloud and on-premise, in highly competitive and complex situations.

You will join a small world-wide team of experienced Data Scientists chartered to lead the analytic journey for complex customer programs, deliver using the latest technology, and create an effective and collaborative community of Data Scientists in Microsoft. As AI transforms business and customers embed more and more analytics into workflow, you will lead AI innovation.

Responsibilities

Deliver on billable data science projects to external customers on behalf of Microsoft Services Data & AI domain. Your focus could be on a variety of industries: Healthcare, Financial Services, Telco or Retail etc.

Provide sound advanced analytic work with proper documentation, codes and model guidance to the project team.

Make recommendations for future improvements on customer’s data estate to enable future work. Become a trusted advisor to the customer and enable their digital transformation.

Contribute to our data science community’s learning through best practices sharing & oversee/manage junior team member’s work

Understand customer’s business problem and recommend an approach, including proper data attributes that can contribute to delivering a viable solution using AI/ML.

Collaborate with relevant team members, developers, and Program Managers to ensure rules or algorithms are in alignment with business needs.

Drive new work sold and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction.

Work in a multidisciplinary, fast paced environment to build solutions for Microsoft's customers.

Help us position Microsoft’s Cognitive services with our customers

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

3+ years of professional or academic experience in any of the following: predictive modeling techniques, statistical modeling or machine learning/AI

Proficiency in programming languages - R or Python

A Masters’ degree in any quantitative field

Fluent in English - Written and Oral

Ability to work in a challenging, dynamic environment with multiple interactions across teams with different backgrounds ranging from sales, services to research

Preferred Qualifications:

PhD degree strongly recommended in AI, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics or a related quantitative field. We find people with applied experience in a field with very large and complex data sets such as Biology, Physics, or Social Sciences do well in this role

Experience with Vision. Speech or text analytics is highly desirable.

Demonstrate in-depth knowledge of standard predictive modeling techniques like CART, CHAID, Logistic, Time-series forecasting, etc.

Strong knowledge of SQL or expertise in Hadoop.

Familiar with at least one of the public deep learning toolkits such as Torch, Caffe, TensorFlow or CNTK.

Experience in data preparation with industry standard tools such as R and Python and with Visualization tools such as SAP, QlikView, PowerBI, etc.

Comfortable with Analytical tools, languages, or libraries, one or more: SAS, SPSS, R, Mahout, etc.

Personal Attributes/Interpersonal Skills:

Ability to work independently, as well as in teams of diverse discipline.

Excellent interpersonal oral and written communications skills.

Experience delivering results through collaboration across disciplines, feature teams, and partners.

Experience which includes estimating, scoping, and writing effective statements of work that clearly set expectations and limit risk.

Demonstrated excellence at presenting complex development topics to both business executive and technical personnel.

Location/Travel: You may be based anywhere in the U.S. You can expect travel to be up to 50%, approximately, as the needs of our business and customers demand.

Microsoft Services

Microsoft Services consists of 16,000 professionals worldwide, dedicated to empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. We help companies realize the possibilities in a world where cloud and artificial intelligence can transform businesses and industries.

For more information, visit www.microsoft.com/Services.

Join us and be one who empowers billions! That’s incredible reach. When you combine that with your own inspiration, plus the freedom and support to make your ideas happen, you can make a huge impact on how people work and live all over the world.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.

If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

Tadjobs

#DAIHIRINGNOW

#DAIATZHIRINGNOW

 Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) is an American public multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, USA that devel...
