Minimum Required Skills: Machine Learning, Python, SQL Data Scientist Location: San Francisco, CA Company/ Job Summary: The team pushes the boundaries of innovation for in pure Artificial Intelligence technologies with a culture focused on delivering the results our clients expect and deserve. The Research and Development team is dedicated to keeping us at the leading edge of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine learning (ML). We are pursuing highly motivated individual who displays strong achievement orientation, resilience, diligence, and the ability to research and innovate to provide the model development team with the newest and most efficient technologies. What You Will Be Doing - Read research papers, white papers, article related to AI and ML technologies both from a theoretical standpoint and practical application in the industry. - Design and implement prototypes using Python and Java programming language. - Research alternative techniques and technologies. If not available in the existing framework, design and implement an approach in Java or Python. - Evaluate the prototype against alternative approaches and document the strength and weaknesses. Provide recommendation on how to move forward. - Research best configuration parameters of the new AI and ML technologies to provide the optimal outcome for a given vertical. What You Need for this Position - Strong Mathematics background - Strong experience in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning - Programing language: Java, Python, or something similar - Experience with SQL languageSo, if you are a Data Scientist with relevant experience, please apply today! or Send your resume to: Lauren@Cybercoders.comPlease apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
