Minimum Required Skills: AI, Machine Learning, Python, Java, SQL If you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Title: Senior Data Scientist Location: San Francisco, CA Salary: $120k-160k base salary + Bonus We are the global technology company behind the world's fastest payments processing network. We are a vehicle for commerce, a connection to financial systems for the previously excluded, and a technology innovation lab. What You Will Be Doing -Design and implement prototypes using Python and Java programming language. -Research alternative techniques and technologies. If not available in the existing framework, design and implement an approach in Java or Python. -Evaluate the prototype against alternative approaches and document the strength and weaknesses. Provide recommendation on how to move forward. -Research best configuration parameters of the new AI and ML technologies to provide the optimal outcome for a given vertical. -Implement prototype ideas using Python or Java and evaluate benefits of new technologies against existing alternative approaches -Research best way to leverage new technologies in current modeling pipelines -Design and model improvement of existing AI models with an understanding of business and technical issues What You Need for this Position Requirements: -Strong Mathematics background -Strong experience in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning -Programming language: Java, Python -Experience with SQL language -Problem solver -Creative and ingenious -BS in computer science or a related field -Good communication skills What's In It for You - Great work environment - Competitive Comp -Immediate HireSo, if you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
