Minimum Required Skills: Python, R, SQL, Alteryx, Tableau, Workday If you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Job Title: Senior Data Scientist Location: Chicago, IL The Company: We are are one of the largest food and beverage companies in the world and always looking to keep growing. We are focused on having the most talented team and beating out the competition. Are you interested in working in a fast paced growing environment? Then this is the place for you!! What You Will Be Doing -Deliver data visualizations that make complex data easier to understand, and package the data story into a polished presentation for leadership audiences -Use platforms, programming, and systems to establish single-source data to be leveraged across the business to support insights and improved decision-making. -Establish strong partnerships with HR CoEs including Talent, Diversity & Inclusion, Talent Acquisition and Total Rewards to ensure aligned functional reporting & analytics strategies and collaboration -Owning the design, development, and maintenance of scalable solutions for ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. to support analytical and business needs. -Experience with diverse analytics methodologies and approaches; expert ability to connect HR data/metrics to business metrics/results -Knowledge of how to analyze structured and unstructured data using various tools -Translate business problem statements into analysis requirements -Use analytical and statistical rigor to answer business questions and drive business decisions -Develop queries and visualizations for ad-hoc requests and projects, as well as ongoing reporting -Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation -Track the ongoing development of new developments in dashboard technology for the latest releases for workday and Tableau and create a new system to develop -Recommending improvements to back-end data sources for increased accuracy and simplicity What You Need for this Position Requirements: Bachelors in Computer Science, Math, Finance, Statistics, or similar More Than 5 Years of experience in a Data Science role and knowledge of: - Python - R - SQL Pluses: - 8+ years of experience in Data Science - Experience in Peopl Analytics- HR, People and Business Data -Experience with Alteryx - Tableau experience on Workday based data What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - 401kSo, if you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
