RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client in the greater Atlanta, Georgia (GA) area that is looking for a Data Scientist. Summary: The Data Scientist will identify opportunities and forecast the return by performing deep analyses of online customer journey, qualifying and quantifying the behavior. The role also encompasses designing and testing solutions driven by statistical or machine learning models that will be tested by the Test & Target team through A/B tests. This person should have excellent communication, storytelling and influential skills to share the findings and communicate with technical and business partners. The client is looking for 2-5 years of hands on experience of SQL and visualization tools and at least one year in sharing the finding to senior leadership. Need to demonstrate knowledge in statistical and machine learning modeling. REQUIREMENTS: * PhD in Computer Science, Math or related quantitative field * Experience with recommender systems, information retrieval, graph analysis, statistical modeling, neural network, and natural language processing * Experience with large-scale data analysis and building high-performance computational software * Experience with e-Commerce and analyzing clickstream data * Experience with big data environment including Spark, Hadoop, Hive, etc. * Proficiency in at least one statistics/data analysis package, such as Spark, Python or R * Proficiency in at least one programming language, such as Java or Python, etc. * Solid coding practices including good design documentation, unit testing, and integration testing * Experience working with real-world noisy data Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies: * Strong communication and data presentation skills; Ability to communicate with data-driven stories * Ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools and techniques * Flexible and responsive; Able to perform in a fast paced, dynamic work environment and meet aggressive deadlines Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
