Read what people are saying about working here. 

Title: Data Scientist

About Trupanion:

Trupanion is a leading provider of medical insurance for cats and dogs in North America. Our mission is to help the pets we all love receive the veterinary care they need. At Trupanion we offer a collaborative, casual, and pet-friendly environment where everyone is encouraged to be themselves.

We’re all about helping pets. We promote a cohesive and nimble team environment, and we hire, develop and promote team members. We trust each other. We are transparent and honest. We care about one another and want to see our team members succeed, personally and professionally. As our team members gain experience, we strive to promote from within and reduce bureaucracy to allow creative thinking. We’re focused on providing continuous training and support to all team members to encourage long-term happiness and success.

Take a look inside our office and see for yourself:

https://www.facebook.com/Trupanion/videos/10155423763702974/

 Position Summary:

The company is growing fast, and so is the data science team. The data science team’s primary focus is automating the adjudication of claims. Leveraging natural language processing and machine learning, we are able to auto-adjudicate claims in matter of seconds compared to the industry standard of one week. Expediting the laborious claims process not only allows our customers and partnering veterinary clinics to focus on providing the best care for their pets, but also allows Trupanion to operate at scale as our business grows. This transformative shift in user experience, as well as operational efficiency is critical in achieving the company’s goal of market-wide adoption.

As a data scientist, you will be responsible for making improvements to models currently in production, as well as dreaming up new and interesting projects. Trupanion has a strong culture around making data-driven decisions. All teams collect and maintain clean, structured data. As such, there will be no shortage of opportunity to make a significant and lasting impact across all verticals of the organization.

Key Responsibilities Include:

Create and take ownership of data science projects from start to finish: conceptualization, data gathering, modeling, analysis, presentation, productionalization, monitoring, and iterating on improvements

Display an infectious intellectual curiosity while maintaining the rigor of the scientific method

Foster effective working relationships with key internal business partners across the organization to create an environment of collaboration and knowledge sharing

Thrive in uncontrolled environments where problem definitions and success criteria can be ambiguous

Solve problems that no one has ever solved before

Qualifications (Please include a cover letter with your application!)

Education, Registration & Certification:

Possess strong writing, data visualization and communication skills with the ability to describe complex concepts succinctly to non-technical audiences

Be intimately familiar with statistics and probability

Flexibility to work independently and closely with the team

Expertise in Python and SQL

Experience with deploying machine learning models in the wild

Degree in a quantitative field preferred

 Benefits and Perks:

Bonus opportunities

Full medical, dental and vision benefits at no cost to the employee

Four weeks paid time off

Five week sabbatical after five years of employment

Restricted Stock Units

Open, casual, pet-friendly and fun office environment

Free dog walking services for “approved” office pets during business hours

Free pet health insurance (1 dog or cat)

Paid time off to volunteer at nonprofit organizations

Free on-site gym

Company Background

Founded in 2000, Trupanion (NASDAQ: TRUP) offers medical insurance for cats and dogs in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico through its affiliated entities.

Trupanion is a registered trademark owned by Trupanion, Inc. Underwritten in Canada by Omega General Insurance Company and in the United States by American Pet Insurance Company. 6100 4th Ave S, Seattle, WA 98108. Please visit AmericanPetInsurance.com to review all available pet health insurance products.

Company Values

Caring: We care about each other.

Adhocracy: An adhocracy is intentionally ‘adhoc’ instead of bureaucratic. Adhocracies value the ability to adapt quickly, flexibility and employee empowerment (with an emphasis on individual initiative). Corporate levels exist in an adhocracy, but they are less strictly defined and valued than in traditional corporate environments.

Trusting: We trust one another with information

Sincere: We do what we say and say what we mean.

Devoted: We love pets.

Original: We are innovative and fair.

Genuine: We are free to express our true selves.

Simple: Simple is better.

For more information about Trupanion, visit http://trupanion.com/about

 Why Trupanion?
Trupanion is North America’s leading provider of medical insurance for cats and dogs. Headquartered in the Georgetown com...
