Read what people are saying about working here. 

About Us

AppDynamics is the Application Intelligence company. With AppDynamics, enterprises have real-time insights into application performance, user performance and business performance so they can move faster in an increasingly sophisticated, software-driven world. Our integrated suite of products is built on our innovative, enterprise-grade App iQ Platform that enables our customers to make faster decisions that enhance customer engagement and improve operational and business performance. AppDynamics is uniquely positioned to enable enterprises to accelerate their digital transformations by actively monitoring, analyzing, and optimizing complex application environments at scale which has led to proven success and trust with the Global 2000.

About You

You are the kind of data scientist that likes to solve real world problems by applying machine learning and statistics. You have a passion for building AI tools that extract insights from various source of data and automate business processes. .

You also have,

Excellent understanding of machine learning and statistics techniques and algorithms such as supervised classification, unsupervised clustering, and time series analysis, etc.

Good applied statistics skills, such as distribution, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Proficiency with common data science toolkits, such as Python, R programming languages and their machine learning libraries

Good communication skills

Experience with data visualization tools

It is a huge plus if you have,

Good scripting and programming skills

Experience with querying data from both SQL and NoSQL data stores.

Data-oriented personality

About the Role

We the data scientists work closely with the product management and engineering team to build intelligent product features that mine insights from application data and automate IT operations. Here are some examples of responsibilities

Feature engineering, supervised classification for root cause analysis, and unsupervised clustering for anomaly detection

Time series forecasting for trend detection and capacity planning

Processing, cleaning, and validating data in preparation for analysis

Doing ad-hoc analysis/data mining and presenting findings relevant to business context

Perks

We know that the award-winning culture at AppDynamics is something to brag about, but here are more reasons that make you excited to get out of bed to come in the morning, like:

Medical, dental, vision coverage

401k match (4.5%)

Wellness perks (gym, hobbies, education, store discounts, personal finance)

4 weeks PTO, 5 days VTO, 14 holidays (including 1 birthday PTO and 1 floating holiday)

Mandatory company shut down between Christmas and New Years

Weekly catered breakfast and lunch, and all the snacks, fruits and drinks your heart desires, monthly happy hour events, and weekly massages

Brand new state of the art office in downtown San Francisco, centrally located near BART, Caltrain, Muni, the ferry, and a bike share station

Free shuttle service and pre-tax commuter benefits

Just a note

Note to Recruiters and Placement Agencies: AppDynamics does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any AppDynamics employee. AppDynamics will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees associated with unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered property of AppDynamics.

AppDynamics is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other unlawful factor. AppDynamics complies with all applicable laws, including those regarding consideration of qualified applicants with criminal histories (such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance). If your disability makes it difficult for you to use this site, please contact talent@appdynamics.com. AppDynamics participates in E-Verify.
 AppDynamics is an application intelligence company that provides enterprises with the next generation of APM software to monitor, manage,...
