Description The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), Office of Information Technology (OIT) is seeking to acquire highly qualified cross-functional Data Scientists and developers. The Transformation Data Science Services (TDSS) II team will be part of an ecosystem, participating with federal employees, and other contractors, in a team-based Development and Operations (DevOps) approach to deliver business value (the performance measurements, Key Performance Parameters (KPPs) are established in Operational Requirements Document (ORD)) frequently, cost-effectively, responsively, and with high quality. The TDSS II teams shall provide Data Analytics Services within the DevOps framework; perform analysis of the USCIS Electronic Immigration System (USCIS ELIS) and related data for forecasting and system growth analysis. This analysis is intended to support data-driven decision-making, as well as development of automated dashboards and tools, which provide analytic insight to ELIS program. Responsibilities: Oversee a team of 11-16 Data Scientists, Data Analysts, Data Engineers, and DevOps Engineers who will : Deliver code from creation, to running in the pipeline, to deployment and sustainment with zero downtime deployment (ZDD). Utilize the ELIS roadmap to conduct an exploratory statistical analysis for each ELIS line of business. Translate business requirements into technical requirements. Provide estimation and planning support. Apply an analytics-driven approach, including machine learning, to surface unusual patterns or behaviors during case processing. Conduct ELIS data analysis to measure efficiency and effectiveness of new ELIS functionality. Define sensible metrics to build descriptive, predictive and prescriptive models. Extract, transform and load (ETL) structured and unstructured data into Databricks Unified Analytics Platform. Perform analytics in Databricks Unified Analytics Platform. Store methods that are employed for the Statistical Data Analysis and Reporting along with each analysis in GitHub. Develop and sustain Program Dashboard with Tableau and open source tools. Comply with ELIS DevOps development, testing, and standard operational procedures (SOP). Collaborate with other vendors, stakeholders, and government employees to collect data needed to aid decision-making. Maintain good configuration and data management methods. Use DHS USCIS approved methods and tools. Qualifications Qualifications Required: 15+ years of relevant experience. Expertise in the data analytics field, building analytic models and methods, and delivering end-to-end technical solutions. Experience in model training and evaluation as well as model interpretation. Experience assessing business objectives, conducting gap analysis of existing versus needed capability, and identifying business requirements. Experience in the evaluation of business requirements to identify potential software, hardware, and system architectures that can be employed to meet business objectives. Experience providing potential technical solutions to meet business needs and supporting analysis of alternatives for best fit. Experience in evaluating technical trends and providing recommendations for technology and architecture to meet business objectives. Experience in providing research on emerging technologies to support proof-of-concept (POC) capabilities and identify future solutions for the organization. Experience in Databricks products, or extensive experience in Apache Spark. Experience in BI and open-source data visualization tools to create and enhance interactive dashboards. Experience in one or more programming languages (Python, R, Java, Scala, SAS, JavaScript) and Linux scripting Demonstrated technical leadership and experience applying data science techniques, including machine learning, deep learning, statistical modeling and/or data visualization to solve challenging business problems Experience with model development and deployment in a cloud environment (AWS preferred) Strong technical documentation and presentation skills Experience with Oracle, PostgreSQL Experience leading a technical team. Excellent writing and communication skills. Must be US Citizen Must be able to obtain and maintain Public Trust Education : Bachelors degree in Data Science or related field (computer science, statistics, operations research, economics, mathematics, physics, engineering) Masters or PhD is desired. Job Posting Date: 2019-02-05 19:22:35 UTC Primary Location: WASHINGTON, DC US Clearance Level Must Currently Possess: None Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Public Trust Potential for Teleworking: No Travel: Yes, 10% of the time Shift: Day Job Schedule: Full-time SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC . EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
