Minimum Required Skills: Python, R, Java, Scala, Deep Learning, Sequence Modeling, Random Forest, pandas, scikit-learn, Tensorflow If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! What You Will Be Doing We are looking for an experienced data scientist who's excited to work on large messy data sets, research and evaluate the best solutions and tools to solve various data problems, and design ways to incorporate the solutions into to our platform. As a data scientist on this team, you will closely work with customers to understand their problem statement, clean, analyze and build machine learning models using the data, and work closely with our engineering team to productionize and maintain the data pipelines. What You Need for this Position Must Have Skills: ***2+ years of experience focused on deploying data pipelines in production environment.*** -Master's or PhD in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, BioInformatics, Physics, Engineering or equivalent field. -In-depth knowledge with a variety of machine learning algorithms like deep learning, sequence modeling, random forest, gradient boosting trees, clustering, simulation, etc. and proven track record of deploying such models in production environment. -Strong skills with Python, R or other scripting language for statistical computing and quick prototyping. Experience working with Java/Scala is highly desirable. -Proficiency in working with machine learning tool boxes like Pandas, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, MxNet, PyTorch, XGBoost, H20, etc. -Excellent communication skills, effectively interpreting modeling results, distilling actionable insights and presenting them to customers. Preferred Skills: -Working knowledge about state-of-the-art big data tools (such as Spark, Flink, etc). -Experience deploying models on high throughput streaming data and/or large datasets in a distributed architecture. -Experience in Natural Language Processing techniques. What's In It for You - $100,000-$140,000 base salary but can be flexible* - Vacation/PTO - Health Insurance - Stock Options - 401k - Short Term DisabilitySo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
