Data Scientist Location: Seattle, WA  or Denton  , TX Long Term   Job Functions / Responsibilities •Develop sophisticated advanced analytics models; including creating, validating, analyzing and explaining the data used for model development. •Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and analytics techniques. •Be a leading expert and organizational resource on developing and evaluating advanced analytics. •Develop processes to extract, clean, merge, transform and compile data from various data sources, including relational database, flat files, NoSQL databases and unstructured data. •Integral leader within the Advanced Analytics Center of Excellence; working with stakeholders from your division to develop new analytics solutions, identify new data useful for analytics projects, and support analytics best practices. •Introduce improvements to increase the speed, accuracy and efficiency of advanced analytics across the organization. •Provide accurate, relevant and meaningful ad-hoc analysis to management to support strategic and tactical decision-making. •Create and present materials on data projects, data science architecture, and analytics strategies.       Qualifications & Skills   Required Qualifications: •Master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Analytics, Computer Science or related field. •Minimum five years of applicable job experience, with a proven ability to develop advanced analytics models. •Significant experience with, or deep understanding of, statistical techniques, modelling, and machine learning. •Significant experience with, or deep understanding of, programming (R, Python, Java, or C#). •Significant experience with, or deep understanding of, structured and unstructured data, including relational databases (SQL Server), graph databases (Neo4J), NoSQL databases (MongoDB) and unstructured data. •Experience with, or understanding of, programming (R, Python, Java, or C#). •Experience with working with big data (Scala, Spark, Pig). •Must be a highly-motivated self-starter and self-directed learner with a creative mind, high attention to detail and a solution-oriented outlook •Candidate must demonstrate strong analytical skills, excellent general business acumen, with the ability to concisely and clearly communicate complex topics. •Ability to maintain balance between solid “pragmatism” and “scientific rigor” to meet the needs of a dynamic business. •Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite.   Preferred Qualifications: •PhD or DBA in Data Science, Computer Science, or related field. •Demonstrable in-depth understanding of data structures and ETL processes (including SSIS). •Familiarity with cloud storage and compute on Azure or AWS. •Experience with container deployments (Docker, Kubernetes, ECS). •Experience with the operationalization and maintenance of analytics APIs using Plumber, Flask, Swagger and similar.  
