Data Scientist Houston, TX   We need strong technical expertise in Data Science, but beyond that this is an opportunity to help us setup a best-practice data science process, to help us determine the direction of future tooling, and to be a central part of a team that will spearhead how the company engages in Data Science. You will work with other Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Service Designers and Project Managers on interdisciplinary projects, using Mathematics, Statistics and Machine Learning to derive structure and knowledge from raw data. You are a highly collaborative individual who will challenge others in your team thoughtfully while prioritising impact. You believe in iterative change, experimenting with new approaches, and learning from and teaching others.   Essential •           5+ years experience working with and analysing large data sets. •           Export knowledge of statistics. •           Real-world experience in working with product and business teams to: identify important questions and data needs, and apply statistical methods to data to find answers. •           Strong knowledge of Python and relevant libraries (PySpark, Pandas, etc). •           The ability to communicate results clearly and a focus on driving impact. •           An inquisitive nature in diving into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues. •           Proficiency at driving the collection of new data and refining existing data sources. •           Excellent presentation and communication skills, with the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields. Desirable •           A PhD or MS in a quantitative field (e.g., Economics, Statistics, Computer Science, Sciences, Engineering, Mathematics). •           Prior experience with writing and debugging data pipelines using a distributed data framework (Spark, etc). •           Best practices in software development and in productionising data science.   Bonuses to include as part of your application •           Links to online profiles you use such as Github, Twitter, etc. •           A description of the most interesting data analysis you’ve done, its key findings and its impact. •            A  link or attachment of code you’ve written related to data analysis. •           A description of your work history (whether as a resume, or LinkedIn profile).
