Minimum Required Skills: Data Science, Statistics, Petroleum, Python, SLQ, SPARK, R, GGlpot, AWS, Map Reduce We are an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties. The Company's operations are focused in the Permian Basin of Southeast New Mexico and West Texas. Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Major company with great benefits and employment history 2. Room to grow within company infrastructure 3. $1 to $2 billion (USD) per year in revenue What You Will Be Doing - Work with SME's and stakeholders throughout the organization identifying opportunities for leveraging company data to drive innovative business solutions through advanced analytics and machine learning. - Mine and analyze data from company data sets driving optimization and improvement of various corporate processes. - Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. - Use predictive and prescriptive modeling to increase revenue generation and create value. - Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. - Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor model outcomes. - Ability to refine and scale data management, and predictive and prescriptive analytics procedures, systems, workflows, best practices. - Visualization of complex information for consumption across the business What You Need for this Position - BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, or related field with strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra, calculus) - 5 8 years of experience in the oil and gas industry from either geoscience, geotechnology or petroleum engineering - Strong knowledge in Statistics, e.g., hypothesis formulation, hypothesis testing, descriptive analysis and data exploration. - Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, SLQ, Spark, R, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. - Experience with data visualization tools, such as GGlpot, Matplotlib, Spotfire, Power BI, etc. - Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. - Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. - Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. - Experience using web services: AWS, Redshift, S3, AMR, Sagemaker, Azure, Databricks, etc. - Experience with distributed data and computing tools: Map Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Cloudera, Impala, etc. - Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, deep learning, etc. - Knowledge and experience working with time series data, imputation, feature engineering, imbalanced dataset, model evaluation and validation, including cross validation - A background in oil and gas is highly desirable and strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra, calculus) - Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development. - Excellent written, visual and verbal communication skills. - A passion to learn and master new technologies and techniques - Must be eligible to work in the United States indefinitely What's In It for You - Competitive Pay and Benefits - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - VisionSo, if you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
