Minimum Required Skills: Python, SQL, SAS/R, Big Data Manipulation tool, ARIMA, Neural Networks, Multinominal discrete choice, Quantitative Analyses Our company is transforming the way the world buys, sells and owns cars with industry-leading digital marketing, retail, financial and wholesale solutions for consumers, dealers, manufacturers and the overall automotive ecosystem worldwide. We are looking for a Data Scientist who wants to take part of our company's future success by anticipating our future needs and identifying opportunities for complex analysis. If you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please read on! What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 50% Python 50% SQL Job Breakdown 60% Hands On 20% Collaboration With Management 20% Working With Stakeholders What You Need for this Position Must have at least 3+ years of actual working experience performing advanced quantitative analyses. Advanced hands-on working knowledge of Python/SQL required. Ability to apply advanced statistical methodologies such as mixed model (random and fixed effects), simultaneous equations, ARIMA, neural networks, and multinomial discrete choice. Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as cluster analytics, sampling theory and design of experiments, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, and factor analysis. Ability to apply advanced optimization methodologies such as linear and mixed integer optimization. Ability to apply advanced simulation modeling methodologies and techniques. Utilize complex computer operations (intermediate programming in 3rd and 4th generation languages, relational databases, and operating systems) and advanced features of software packages (word-processing, spreadsheet, graphics, etc.). Must have relational database experience. M.S or Ph.D in Statistics or related fields What's In It for You Medical Insurance & Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter BenefitSo, if you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
