Minimum Required Skills: SQL, R, Python, Data Visualization, Plot.ly, D3.js, ggplot If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Based in San Diego, we are a VC- backed startup that is using Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to predict the success of startups. We have secured our next round of funding and are in need of a Data Scientist to add to our team. We're looking for high energy people who want to play a key role in growing an early-stage startup! If this sounds like a good fit, apply today! Top Reasons to Work with Us - VC backed startup with another round of funding secured - Huge growth opportunity - Build innovative technologies from ground up What You Need for this Position We're technology agnostic, but experience in the following is a plus: - SQL - R - Python - Data Visualization - Plot.ly - D3.js - ggplot What's In It for You Salary: 100K - 125K + EQUITY - Vacation/PTO - Equity - Startup with huge growth opportunitySo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
