Summary 
 Associate Data Scientist  
  
At our Company, we grow People, Brands, and Businesses! We are seeking a highly dynamic Associate Data Scientist to design, implement and execute the company’s solutions 
  
The Associate Data Scientist works with internal teams to deliver superior results for our clients. S/he is responsible for using data from our available resources to drive the company’s ROI. S/he is conducts ongoing optimization and testing, providing regular reporting and analysis, and suggesting and implementing opportunities for improvement. 
  
Take this opportunity to join North America’s leading business solutions provider and build your career working with amazing people in a growing industry! Apply today! 
  
  What we offer:     
Full-Time Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life)  
401(k) with company match  
Training and Career Development  
Generous Paid Time-Off   
  Responsibilities:   
  
o Responsible for designing, implementing, executing, and improving the company’s custom analytical solutions. o Possesses a thorough understanding modelling, including the needs of clients, the methodology by which a model is executed, and how it aligns with the company’s overarching business goalso Creates reports and gathers performance summaries and analysis for further optimization o Creates and articulates compelling value propositions o Communicates insights and successful performance impact to clients and account teams o Interfaces with internal teams to drive innovation, ensuring capabilities meet market needs and customer satisfaction goalso Works with a complex set of variables to understand patterns o Uses experience in statistical analysis to form new conclusions based on multiple data sets 
  
  Qualifications:     
Master's Degree in Math, Statistics, Data Science, or related field or equivalent experience required; Ph.D. in Math, Statistics, Data science, or related field or equivalent experience preferred  
3-5 Years of experience in Analytics with either a retailer or services provider with retail clients  
Knowledge of leading marketing analytic tools  
Experience in Search Engine Marketing, specifically with PPC programs; Experience with Google AdWords, Bing Ads, and Microsoft Office Suite  
A keen eye for detail.  The role requires the ability to keep track of copious amounts of data across numerous accounts in a variety of ways.  Following procedures exactly and being methodical is critical  
Experience with A/B and multivariate testing   Responsibilities 
The Company is one of North America’s leading sales and marketing agencies specializing in outsourced sales, merchandising, category management and marketing services to manufacturers, suppliers and producers of food products and consumer packaged goods. The Company services a variety of trade channels including grocery, mass merchandise, specialty, convenience, drug, dollar, club, hardware, consumer electronics and home centers. We bridge the gap between manufacturers and retailers, providing consumers access to the best products available in the marketplace today. 
  
 Position Summary:  
The Associate Data Scientist designs, implements and executes the company’s solutions. 
The Associate Data Scientist works with internal teams to deliver superior results for our clients. S/he is responsible for using data from our available resources to drive the company’s ROI. S/he is conducts ongoing optimization and testing, providing regular reporting and analysis, and suggesting and implementing opportunities for improvement. 
  
 Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities:   
  
o Responsible for designing, implementing, executing, and improving the company’s custom analytical solutions. o Possesses a thorough understanding modelling, including the needs of clients, the methodology by which a model is executed, and how it aligns with the company’s overarching business goalso Creates reports and gathers performance summaries and analysis for further optimization o Creates and articulates compelling value propositions o Communicates insights and successful performance impact to clients and account teams o Interfaces with internal teams to drive innovation, ensuring capabilities meet market needs and customer satisfaction goalso Works with a complex set of variables to understand patterns o Uses experience in statistical analysis to form new conclusions based on multiple data sets 
  
 Supervisory Responsibilities:  
  
 Direct Reports - This position does not have supervisory responsibilities for direct reports 
  
 Indirect Reports - This position does not have guidance or mentoring responsibilities for indirect reports 
  
  
 Travel and/or Driving Requirements:  
- Travel and Driving are not essential duties or functions of this job  
  
 Minimum Qualifications   
The following are the minimum job-related qualifications which an individual needs in order to successfully perform the essential duties and responsibilities of the job 
  
 Education Level:  (Required):  Master’s Degree or equivalent experience                           (Preferred):  PhD in math, statistics, data science, or related field  Or equivalent experience            
  
 Field of Study/Area of Experience:  Master’s Degree in math, statistics, data science, or related field3-5 Years of experience in Analytics with either a retailer or services provider with retail clients 
  
  
 Skills, Knowledge and Abilities:     
Knowledge of leading marketing analytic tools  
Experience in Search Engine Marketing, specifically with PPC programs  
A keen eye for detail.  The role requires the ability to keep track of copious amounts of data across numerous accounts in a variety of ways.  Following procedures exactly and being methodical is critical  
Experience with A/B and multivariate testing  
Ability to communicate complex data with clarity and simplicity  
Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and client-facing communication skills, with the ability to evolve the algorithm model and its strategy based on research, data, and industry trends  
Experience with machine learning and data mining algorithms  
Programming experience (preferably in languages such as Python and Java)  
 Nice to Have o PhD in math, statistics, data science, or related field 
 Environmental & Physical Requirements:   
  
 Office / Sedentary Requirements:  Work is performed primarily in an office environment.  
 Office / Non-Sedentary Requirements: Incumbent must be able to perform the essential functions of the job. Work may be performed in an office or warehouse environment. Typically requires the ability to spend 66%+ hours each work day doing the following activities: stand for extended periods of time, walk, bend, stoop, or climb.  May have possible exposure to dust, and may require the ability to lift and/or push up to 50 pounds 33% - 66% of the time. 
  
 Additional Information Regarding The Company Job Duties and Job Descriptions  
  
Job duties include additional responsibilities as assigned by one’s supervisor or other manager related to the position/department. This job description is meant to describe the general nature and level of work being performed; it is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required for the position. The Company reserves the right at any time with or without notice to alter or change job responsibilities, reassign or transfer job position or assign additional job responsibilities, subject to applicable law.  The Company shall provide reasonable accommodations of known disabilities to enable a qualified applicant or employee to apply for employment, perform the essential functions of the job, or enjoy the benefits and privileges of employment as required by the law. 
  
Any estimate, schedule, or guideline provided to associates in this job description or elsewhere in connection with their jobs is only intended to help describe job duties and for planning purposes.  Regardless of any such estimate, schedule, or guideline, associates must always record all time worked for our company (which includes but is not limited to on-site work time in an assigned store, office, or other work location; required waiting time; administrative time; and work-related travel time).  Important Information 
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of associates so classified. 
  
The Company is committed to providing equal opportunity in all employment practices without regard to age, race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, religion, physical or mental disability, or any other category protected by law. As part of this commitment, the Company shall provide reasonable accommodations of known disabilities to enable an applicant or employee to apply for employment, perform the essential functions of the job, or enjoy the benefits and privileges of employment as required by the law. 
  
The Company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable federal, state and local laws including Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinances.  All of our positions require the satisfactory completion of a background check. Please be aware that acknowledging or having criminal convictions does not constitute an automatic bar to employment.  Factors including, but not limited to age and time of the offense, seriousness and nature of the violation, and rehabilitation will be taken into account.  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Parkville, MO 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Retail 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2019-211373
