Read what people are saying about working here. 

The data scientist position is part of the DuPont Science & Innovation competency in data discovery and data analytics. In this role, you will be responsible for modeling complex problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, machine learning, mining and visualization techniques. You will be part of a team that work closely with internal stakeholders from emerging technologies, R&D, engineering, business and marketing, and other data/informatics teams in business units, to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions. You will become a critical competency and member in a fast-growing team that contributes to decisions that impact the company’s growth and innovation.

DuPont offers an excellent benefits package that begins on your first day of employment. This includes a generous 401k match, health and dental insurance, 15 days of vacation, a variable bonus plan, and much more!

The responsibilities of this position include:

Collaborate with stakeholders to identify the business requirements, formulate lists of research questions in analytics terms, and the expected outcome.

Design experiments with DOE methodology by working with researchers in a wide spectrum of R&D activities that span chemistry, material science and biology.

Identify and select relevant and credible data sources, and provide technical instructions to data analysts to collect, integrate and mine data.

Identify and analyze patterns. test hypotheses, and build models.

Conducts advanced data analysis and complex algorithm to help stakeholders to discover and quantify leading information.

Solves stakeholders’ problems through analytics and communicate results and methodologies through an iterative collaboration process.

Partner with stakeholders to ensure the expected qualification and assurance of the information.

Design and lead implementation of analytics pipelines and visualization by collaborating with other data/informatics teams.

Scout, test and recommend new analytics algorithms and models to the data analytics.

Educate the organization on new analytical approaches to drive acceleration of business decision.

Collaborate with other data scientists to develop the strategy of the data analytics competency and prioritize development needs.

Job Qualifications

The following are required:

A graduate degree in technical fields or statistics with strong computing background.

More than 2-year of data analytics and data science project experience.

Formal education in Statistics, including Design of Experiments, regression and hypothesis testing, multi-variance analysis, time series analysis.

Proficiency in Machine Learning techniques e.g. supervised and unsupervised methods, classifications, clustering, Forests, LASSO, PCA models.

Strong coding skills in R and/or Python, including data processing, statistics, ML, and visualization.

Familiar with computational modeling (e.g. electron, molecule, meso-scale) principles and databases.

Familiarity in data modeling using relational databases and analytics with Big Data platforms.

Familiar with Linux OS and Cloud PAAS.

Other preferred skills: AngularJS, web service and visualization tools (e.g., PowerBI, Tableau, Spotfire).

Self-learner with the intellectual curiosity to keep abreast of advances in their field, and learn the scientific language spoken by their clients within the company.

Strong business acumen with the ability to translate business problems to data analytics requirement and design data models and analytics pipelines to resolve the problems.

Excellent communication and customer-facing skills with the ability to explain technical approaches and rationale of findings in easy-to-understand terms to scientists, engineering, and business developers.

Excellent team player and technical leadership.

About DowDuPont

DowDuPont (NYSE: DWDP) is a holding company comprised of The Dow Chemical Company and DuPont with the intent to form strong, independent, publicly traded companies in agriculture, materials science and specialty products sectors that will lead their respective industries through productive, science-based innovation to meet the needs of customers and help solve global challenges. For more information, please visit us at www.dow-dupont.com.

The positions represented by this job posting are aligned to one of the three divisions, Agriculture, Materials Science or Specialty Products, which are expected to separate from DowDuPont into stand-alone public companies. Information on the division alignment will be provided during the recruitment process.

 E. I. du Pont de Nemours (also known simply as DuPont) wants to coat your car, feed your crops, and decrease your dependence on fossil fu...
