Read what people are saying about working here. 

Division: Siemens Healthineers

Business Unit: Services

Requisition Number: 237270

Primary Location: United States-North Carolina-Cary

Assignment Category: Full-time regular

Experience Level: Senior level

Education Required Level: Bachelor's Degree

Travel Required: 10%

Division Description:

Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationality for more than 165 years. As a global technology company, Siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. To tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the Company is organized in nine Divisions: Power and Gas, Wind Power and Renewables, Energy Management, Building Technologies, Mobility, Digital Factory, Process Industries and Drives, Healthineers and Financial Services.

 With 45,000 employees Siemens Healthineers is one of the world’s largest suppliers of technology to the healthcare industry and a leader in medical imaging, laboratory diagnostics and healthcare IT. All supported by a comprehensive portfolio of clinical consulting, training, and services available across the globe and tailored to customers’ needs. So that more people can have a life that is longer, richer, and more filled with happiness.

 For more information, please visit: http://www.usa.siemens.com/healthineers

Job Description:

Sr. Predictive Data Scientist (Data Scientist 4)

We are looking for your help in supporting our Business and Process Analytical Development efforts for the Americas. You will be working on multiple relevant data sources and apply predictive techniques for advanced analytics and forecasting. You are excited about applied data science and data analytics, and explorations on what makes our business even more successful going forward in helping our customers and their patients.

What are my responsibilities?

Develop re-usable analytic models, configure and deploy models and maintain such models in a data analytics platform

Conduct exploratory data analysis in high dimensions with different kinds of data, e. g. financial data, ERP data, machine data, process related data, or textual data

Conduct data exploration; identify relevant data sets and new relations in data

Select optimal tool and define visualization method/tool to display results

Develop and test prototypes in an industrial environment, validate and communicates results to answer targeted business questions

Maintain network to business experts and subject matter experts to understand business data analytics requirements and identify data analytics driven opportunities

Determine and provide data management, quality, and IT infrastructure requirements

What do I need to qualify for this job?

Successfully completed university degree (Masters or PhD degree preferred) in mathematics, computer science, physics, electrical engineering, or engineering sciences

Expertise in technologies, algorithms and methodologies in the areas of Data Analytics, Data Mining, Machine Learning with a strong focus on pattern recognition with structured and unstructured data

Analytical rigor and statistical methods to improve products and understanding the behavior of end-customers and users of data driven insights

Ability to draw conclusions from data and recommend actions

Ability to think analytically and rapidly learn complex topics, especially in the field of analysis, evaluation and handling of structured and unstructured / multi-structured data

At least 5 years of work experience in the domain of data discovery and data science tasks

Demonstrated expertise in SAS DI Studio, SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Enterprise Miner, R, Python, TensorFlow or similar data mining Workbenches

Strong understanding of ETL and BI technologies and Tools

Strong presentation and communication skills on technical and business level

 Siemens is a global powerhouse focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalization. One of the world’s largest produc...
