Minimum Required Skills: Python, SPARK, Tensorflow, AWS, Redshift, Scala, Big Data, Machine Learning, SaaS, SQL If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! **Please answer all screening questions in details in order to expedite the process. Application will be considered incomplete unless screening questions are answered. Incomplete applications cannot be submitted for further review.** What You Will Be Doing - Apply Reinforcement Learning and statistical analysis to complex, real-world problems through massive data sets - Independently design, test, and productionize RL-based experimentation to refine customer strategies - Collaborate with colleagues in product and customer success roles, sharing responsibility throughout the product life-cycle What You Need for this Position At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of: - Python - SPARK - Tensorflow - AWS - Redshift Nice to Haves: - Scala - Big Data - Machine Learning - SaaS - SQL What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - Relocation - Bonus - 401kSo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
