Overview ACT is a nonprofit organization helping people achieve educational and workplace success.  Our programs are designed to boost lifelong learning in schools and workplaces around the world. Whether it's guiding students along their learning paths, enabling companies to develop their workforce, fostering parent, teacher, and counselor understanding of student progress, guiding job seekers toward career success, or informing policymakers about education and workforce issues. ACT is passionate about making a difference in all we do.  Learn more about working at ACT at act.org. Are you passionate about using data visualization to complex problems?  Do you have experience working with cutting-edge visualization frameworks to make data science findings meaningful for non-technical users? If so, we would like to talk with you about joining the research team at ACT to help people achieve education and workplace success. ACT has an opening for a Data Scientist I in our Data Science and Analytics group.  This position has primary responsibility for creating visualizations for production algorithms and exploratory research with applications in educational assessment and learning technologies. Responsibilities Typical work-related activities include: Create visualizations in support of data science projects from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, understanding the analysis findings, prototyping models, and deploying completed models to deliver business impact to the organization, in collaboration with experienced data scientists. Data science projects supported typically include the results of statistical analysis, machine learning, or the presentation of large-scale data in a meaningful and accurate format. Provide technical documentation for data science visualization projects including minimally presentations, technical design documents, and code documentation. Collaborate cross-functionally with product managers, data scientists, assessment designers, psychometricians, research scientists, engineers and analysts. Provide data science & educational technology industry leadership and scholarly contributions through research, publications, presentations and partnerships. Contribute to a culture of high achievement, industry leadership, innovation, and accountability. Qualifications Education:  Master's degree required in human-computer interaction, data mining, machine learning, statistics, computer science, operations research, engineering, mathematics or related field Or an equivalent combination of education and experience from which comparable knowledge and abilities can be acquired   Experience: A minimum of 1 year of related experience which includes demonstrated success creating visualizations from statistical analysis results and from large-scale data in an academic or industry context Research expertise and scholarly contributions in human-computer interaction or data science preferred   Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Experience using Python and/or R Experience working with data visualization libraries such as Angular.js, d3.js, plotly.js Experience planning, designing, and building visualizations used in production applications Experience rendering statistical results, machine-learning findings and other complex data Experience working with big data tools such as Hadoop, Spark, Map/Reduce, and NoSQL databases preferred Experience providing visualizations for big data preferred Experience using Zepplin or Jupyter notebooks preferred Excellent oral and written communication skills Innovative thinker and thought leader Exceptional collaborator and team member Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques Agile mindset This position can be based in our Lakewood, CO office; NYC office; Iowa City, IA (headquarters); or remote.
