Overview ACT is a nonprofit organization helping people achieve educational and workplace success.  Our programs are designed to boost lifelong learning in schools and workplaces around the world. Whether it's guiding students along their learning paths, enabling companies to develop their workforce, fostering parent, teacher, and counselor understanding of student progress, guiding job seekers toward career success, or informing policymakers about education and workforce issues. ACT is passionate about making a difference in all we do.  Learn more about working at ACT at act.org. Are you passionate about applying big data skills to compelling problems in education?  Do you have experience developing insights from this data using statistics and machine learning?  If so, we would like to talk with you about joining the research team at ACT to help people achieve education and workplace success. ACT has an opening for a Data Scientist II in our Data Science and Analytics group.  This position will be focused on the analysis of large-scale data from learning technologies that can be used to provide insights into learner interactions and outcomes.  This analysis is intended to create operational algorithms that are embedded within applications, although some exploratory research is also required.  This position has the primary responsibility for conducting data science projects with applications in educational assessment and learning analytics and technologies. Responsibilities Typical work-related activities include: Deliver data science projects from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, aggregating data, exploring data, building & validating descriptive and predictive models, and deploying completed models. Serve as a subject matter expert and technical lead to other data scientists and researchers in the processing and analysis of large-scale data. Provide technical documentation of data science projects including presentations, technical reports, and code documentation. Collaborate cross-functionally with product managers, assessment designers, psychometricians, research scientists, data engineers and analysts. Provide data science & educational technology industry leadership and scholarly contributions through research, publications, presentations and partnerships. Contribute to a culture of high achievement, industry leadership, innovation, and accountability. Qualifications Education:  Masters degree required in data mining, machine learning, statistics, computer science, operations research, engineering, mathematics or related field required Or an equivalent combination of education and experience from which comparable knowledge and abilities can be acquired  Experience: A minimum of 3 years of demonstrated success conducting predictive modeling, data science, and analysis projects using streaming or other large-scale data sources in an academic or industry context Research expertise and scholarly contributions in data science preferred Experience in education or assessment industries preferred  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Experience using Python and/or R Experience working with analysis techniques to parallelize (and otherwise optimize) analysis processing for speed and efficiency Experience conducting statistical analysis and applying machine learning techniques Experience handling datasets exceeding 250GB Experience analyzing streaming data preferred Experience using Zepplin or Jupyter notebooks preferred Excellent oral and written communication skills Innovative thinker and thought leader Exceptional collaborator and team member Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques Agile mindset This position can be based in our Lakewood, CO office; NYC office; Iowa City, IA (headquarters); or remote.
