Read what people are saying about working here. 

Division: Siemens Healthineers

Business Unit: Strategy, Marketing & Communications

Requisition Number: 238171

Primary Location: United States-Pennsylvania-Malvern

Assignment Category: Full-time regular

Experience Level: Senior level

Education Required Level: Bachelor's Degree

Travel Required: 20%

Division Description:

.

Job Description:

Data Scientist

NAM Marketing Sales Operations & Communication (MSC)

Position overview

The overarching purpose of NAM MSC group is to be a proactive and forward thinking partner in the delivery of market & customer insights for the strategic planning process. This team will bring deep understanding of the end market, our customers, & competitors though predictive analytics & market trending. The organization will partner with the NAM Business Areas, Business Lines & Strategic Corporate Accounts in helping them to climb the customer ladder.

Primary responsibilities to ensure a ‘single source of truth’ to the business include:

Develops strategic partnerships with key internal stakeholders - RBLs, and Business Mngmt. Leaders & defines targeted market research initiatives that forecast market trends and inform/influence regional strategic plans.

Coordinates the selection of critical internal & external sources of data & information, optimizes reporting, and leads the translation of key messages to NAM commercial team for action.

Understands disease state trends, evolving regulation, customer segment needs, and competitive strategies. Effectively utilizes information to evaluate internal value propositions & performance to assess current positioning and recommend improvement levers.

Shapes market research initiatives based on derived insights form core market research & analytics in close partnership with the Business Areas and Strategic Corporate Accounts.

Integrates analytic insights into strategic planning process & leverages for operation decision making within NAM MSC for messaging & content development.

Partners with the NAM MSC Platform team for market consolidation, storage & reporting automation initiatives.

Requirements & Capabilities

8+ years of market & industry analytics experience. Demonstrated success partnering with commercial team to use analytics as differentiator in how to strategically & proactively evaluate the market.

Experiences related to workflow/ process optimization topics in a matrixed organization.

Strong commercial acumen, strategic perspective and ability to partner with commercial team. Exceptional collaboration skills. Demonstrated ability to engage, influence and develop customer/partner strategies.

Proven ability to attract, identify, & develop talent across varied functions.

Knowledge of varied Healthineers solution & product landscape preferred.

LI-WC1

 Siemens is a global powerhouse focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalization. One of the world’s largest produc...
