Minimum Required Skills: R, SQL, Python, Fintech, Data Science, Data Analysis, Looker If you are a Data Scientist with 2-3 years experience, please read on! We are a fintech company located in the Financial District in San Francisco, CA. We are growing immensely and need to hire a Data Scientist to join our Decision Sciences team immediately!! We need someone with tech/fintech experience who is skilled with R, SQL and Python. We need a team player that can think quick on their feet, is willing to get their hands dirty, and is passionate about learning new elements of data science. This is a full time position in our SF office. We need to fill this position immediately! What You Will Be Doing -Drive step-change improvements in credit performance by analyzing historical loan data, develop risk scorecards, and testing hypotheses using rigorous monitoring and analysis -Build valuation models to launch new product and pricing strategies for Solar and Home Energy lending products -Work closely with the Technology organization, PMO, Operations and FinOps teams to scope operational feasibility, lead implementation efforts and launch MVP iterating quickly as we get more learnings and market feedback -Conduct ad-hoc deep-dive analyses for senior leadership to drive strategic business decisions -Support existing product through improved valuations methodologies -Work with onsite and offshore vendor partners in the execution of data projects -Ability to manipulate large datasets and work closely with credit bureaus. Strong understanding of A/B Test and Control methodologies What You Need for this Position -BS in Computer Science or relevant fin-tech work experience -3+ years of business and data analysis experience in the implementation of data related solutions -Ability to effectively manage multiple tasks with challenging deadlines and priorities -Highly proficient in SAS/R and SQL along with very advanced MS EXCEL skills that includes macrowriting/VB. FIN TECH EXPERIENCE IS A HUGE PLUS!! Nice to Have: -Proficiency with Python and Looker -2+ years of banking or financial services industry experience What's In It for You -Health, Vision, Dental Benefits -Generous PTO policy -Catered lunches and snacks -Fun office cultureSo, if you are a Data Scientist with 2-3 years experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
