Read what people are saying about working here. 

How To Apply

Click Apply Now. Register or log-in to your account. Complete the application in its entirety, including any questionnaire, and click Submit.

If you have questions about the application process, please access our Frequently Asked Questions

At any time during the application process, you can click on the Job Title to which you are applying to return to this page to access the FAQs.

Qualifications

Job Overview

As a Senior Data Itegration you will be responsible for ensuring that the Airport’s strategic goals are optimized through the use of Enterprise Business Intelligence. Assists internal team members and BI users in the use of and the presentation of data including predictive data. Uses tools, protocols, and programming languages to develop and maintain ETL (extract, transfer and load) applications and environments.

What you will be doing:

Developing and maintaining the database scripts and ETL processes required to move data from source systems to the EDW.

Maintaining the ETL processes on a timely basis making certain all are running and providing data in the best format for the EDW.

Developing and migrates mapping and workflows between repositories.

Working with BI Team to assess business needs as they pertain to current EDW and ETL processes so the best solution is presented to customers.

Maintaining incremental load processes for all data loads.

Responsible for maintaining settings for ETL including, users, file system and services.

Working with System Administrators, Database Administrators, and the Quality Assurance Center of Excellence to test and tune development efforts.

Ensureing that current and future systems that are planned developed or procured meet Board standards and are compatible.

Useing operational research methods to develop forecasts and predictive analytic sets.

Setting standards criteria and verifies that the standards are being met.

Using statistical analysis to generate predictive analytic sets and mitigation plans for requested datasets

Documents observations and establishes predictability and trend reports to develop daily and operational plan for allocation of resources.

Researching and compiling data to recommend sustainable and executable plans.

Maintaining daily documentation of special and unusual occurrences and other data pertinent to the daily operation.

Providing input on graphical representation of data to assist business in answering questions or making decisions.

Working with MicroStrategy Developers, Architects, and ETL Developers to ensure data is prepared as needed for predictive models to work properly.

Working with stakeholder throughout the Airport to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions

Developing custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Using predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experience, revenue generation and other business outcomes.

Coordinating with departments to implement models and monitor outcomes.

What you need:

Bachelor's degree in business, computer science or a related field

Five years of experience using Informatica as an architect, designer and developer

Expertise in designing, creating, and using re-useable mapping components.

Experience using Informatica PowerCenter in multiple-developer environments.

Strong knowledge of Informatica development best practices.

Experience working with Informatica in a Unix environment.

Experience tuning performance of ETL processes.

Experience configuring Informatica jobs and dependencies when using 3rd party enterprise scheduling tools.

Any equivalent combination of education and/or experience may be substituted for the above.

Possession of a valid class C driver's license.

Required Abilities:

In depth knowledge of ETL including planning the ETL process through completion

Skill in building and maintaining OLAP style Data Warehouses to support Enterprise Business Intelligence reporting tools.

Skill in writing and tuning SQL and PL/SQL language, demonstrated technical innovation, strong understanding of databases, and detailed knowledge of and experience with technical modeling.

Knowledge of the principles and practices of project management, planning and scheduling relating to complex and diverse data management and end-user support issues.

Knowledge of current computer technology.

Ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both orally and in writing, at all levels within and outside the organization.

Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships inside and outside the organization.

Advanced skill in use of Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and other computer applications including but not limited to skill in using shortcuts, macros, visual basic editing and advanced formulas)

Ability to work with mathematical formulas and statistical data sets, to include charting and graphing.

Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R. SAS or Python

Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

What we desire:

Experience designing, developing and deploying ETL processes; experience with data loading and the creation of data warehouses and/or data marts; hands-on ETL development; and experience reviewing ETL load jobs coded by others for consistency and quality.

Experience coaching and training customers and peers in the use of ETL tools to assist with ETL processes.

Degree or certificate within Statistical Analysis, Business Analytics, Predictive Analytics, etc

Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js

Data-oriented personality

Ability to speak a second language in addition to English.

About Us

We are Dallas Fort Worth International (DFW) Airport—one of the most successful airports in the world by any definition. We’re recognized for our innovation, leadership, drive for excellence and talented employees, and over the past five years we achieved almost every strategic objective and performance goal that we set out to achieve.

Our success is made possible because of the diverse talents of nearly 2,000 employees who champion our mission of providing an exceptional Airport experience to our customers and connect our community to the world. We’re looking for the best talent to join our Treasury Management department and help us re-imagine what an airport can be.

Bring your talents to DFW and live and work with purpose.

 Dallas Fort Worth International (DFW) Airport is one of the most successful airports in the world by any definition and we are recognized...
