Minimum Required Skills: SQL, R, Python, Azure, Redshift, Ssis, Tableau, SalesForce If you are a Data Scientist with at least 3 years' experience, please read on! Our innovative scheduling and customer service platform is used by thousands of businesses of all sizes to manage their customers' experience. We have a startup vibe but are a stable company with well over 500 employees. Our platform optimized for web and mobile use. What You Will Be Doing - Writing custom queries to produce ad-hoc data requests, analyzing data - Developing new scripts and KPIs, participate in code review and QA activities - Using advanced methods/tools to analyze data and derive meaningful insights - Serving as subject matter expert to analyze product data What You Need for this Position - At least 3 years experience performing quantitative data analysis - Strong experience in MS SQL, SSIS, Excel, Tableau, Salesforce, R, Python, Redshift & Azure - Ability to present data in an easily understandable manner - Desire to work in a fast-paced environment and apply strong technical aptitude What's In It for You We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package that includes health insurance, PTO, sick time, company-paid holidays, 401k, stock options and more. We also offer some incredible on-site perks such as affordable childcare, wellness classes, wellness vouchers, massage therapists, acupuncture, in-house catering and much more.So, if you are a Data Scientist with at least 3 years' experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
