The Financial Crimes Compliance Data Analyst position is responsible for assisting in maintaining and improving FCC’s analytics and technological capabilities.  Under the direction of the FCC Data Analytics Manager, the Analyst supports the development of processes and technological improvements to achieve efficiencies in various workflows, and implementing and maintaining optimization of the FCC’s monitoring tools, and increasing the capabilities in data visualization. Analysts employ strong technical skills in BSA/AML and systems/database technologies to understand and communicate effectively with Information Technology and Operations teams, assisting them to understand necessary model and infrastructure requirements and solutions. Data Analysts typically work with more sophisticated or complex programming schemes and systems, and are more self-sufficient in identifying and resolving data analytics, visualizations, and data mining challenges.  They typically have several more years of experience and a deeper understanding of operational processes and requirements.   Responsibilities: Provides analytical and technical support for systems delivery for FCC monitoring tools.  Partner with Anti-Money Laundering and Enhanced Due Diligence Analysts in order to understand their workflow and to utilize their feedback, where appropriate, to strengthen the quality of FCC Data Analytics work product.  Leverages technology to enable advance analytical and data visualization techniques to improve risk detection and increase operational efficiencies.  Assists with tuning and optimization of transaction monitoring system, Customer Risk Rating scoring algorithm, and assists with tuning the Sanctions monitoring system.  Supports FCC management in the development of an effective FCC model governance program, in accordance with Model Risk Management guidelines, that meets regulatory requirements. Participates in the development and implementation of new reporting functionality and transaction monitoring channels for FFC analytics purposes.  Creates professional program/reporting documentation in support of AML Transaction Monitoring and related reporting.  Provides timely response to ad hoc data requests from FCC and other internal departments. Assists in the design and governance of FCC monitoring systems (transaction, Customer Risk Rating, Sanctions) to ensure adequate controls are in place.  Serve as liaison to Information Technology, Risk Management, and Operations to mitigate compliance risk and ensure audit-soundness.   Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree from a college or university in a quantitative or technical field and 5 years equivalent work experience in BSA/AML, 3 or more years related experience in financial services data analysis and systems technologies.  AML experience preferred. Intermediate to Advanced knowledge of general banking, including understanding of bank products, services, and regulations, policies and procedures, with an emphasis in BSA/AML knowledge.  Intermediate to Advanced knowledge of SQL, Python and/or JIRA, with at least 3 year minimum experience using SAS, R or other statistical software and Hadoop or other big data platform to enhance analytics.  Experience using technologies for data visualization and workflow/issue management.   Strong interpersonal abilities, including oral and written communication skills with beginning to intermediate level experience in writing technical document for diverse audiences.
