AWS Big Data Scientist - Chicago, IL - $90 - $110 per hour Attention Big Data Scientists. I am currently sourcing for a new and exciting new contract position in Chicago. Contract: 6 Months Rate: $90 - $110 Data Scientist Role & Responsibilities: - As a Data Scientist, you will work with our Data Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, Designers, and Project Managers on interdisciplinary projects - You will work on complex and extremely varied data sets from some of the world largest organizations to solve real world problems - Work within one of the largest and most advanced data science teams - Develop data science products and solutions for clients as well as for our data science team - Write highly optimized code to advance our internal Data Science Toolbox - Add real-world impact to your academic expertise, as you are encouraged to write black papers and present at meetings and conferences should you wish Data Scientist Required Experience & Qualifications: - Experience with Big Data platforms like Spark, and AWS - Experience in statistical modelling and machine learning techniques - Experience in applying data science methods to business problems - Programming experience in at least two of the following languages: R, Python, Scala, SQL - Experience in applying advanced analytical and statistical methods in the commercial world - Good presentation and communication skills, write the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields This job will offer the chosen candidate the opportunity to increase their level of experience working with AWS. If you or someone you know are looking for a new opportunity look no further. Please reach out to me either by phone 212-731-8282 (Ext. 3852) or email e.fenco@jeffersonfrank.com Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Big Data and cloud analytics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the upmost importance. For more information on available AWS Big Data Jobs as well as the cloud market, I can be contacted at 212-731-8282 Ext. 3852. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more information.
