Socure is headquartered in NYC and is the leader in machine learning driven digital identity

verification. The company’s predictive analytics platform applies artificial intelligence and

machine learning to trusted online/offline sources to verify identities in real-time across the web

with the singular mission to become the trusted source of identities on the internet.

Socure was named a Forbes Cloud 100 Rising Star, Red Herring Top 100 Private Tech

Company and currently services 2 of the top 5 banks, 5 of the top 10 issuers, multiple shared

marketplaces, the leading insurance underwriters, top 3 payroll service providers, top 3 telcos

and the majority of consumer-facing fintechs.

Socure is looking for an experienced Pre-Sales Data Scientist to help drive Identity Verification

solutions and create go-forward plans with our product team. The ideal candidate must be able

to act as a consultant to identify customer needs, understand the best path to solve these,

explain/gather data requirements, deliver running data tests and work closely with the Sales

personal to present results and final recommendation to clients. A strong background in data

analytics, data science, and/or fraud analysis is required.

Responsibilities:

Work closely with sales leadership to determine clients pain points

Structure proof-of-concept tests and act as the lead data expert ensuring that the

right data is collected, analyzed and presented efficiently.

Create analytical customer-facing results material from analyzing proof-of-concept

results.

Help deliver the best possible solution based on results and subsequent customer

feedback.

Grow department and manage additional resources, while maintaining a player-

coach posture.

Qualifications:

Bachelor Degree in CS, Mathematics, Statistics or similar or equivalent work

experience

Experience with SQL, R and/or Python, Excel, and PowerPoint

A minimum of 3+ years of industry experience working in a similar role.

Knowledge of UNIX systems management, Java, Scala, Python, C/C++, SQL, HQL,

SPARQL for RDF

Understanding of Spark, Hadoop/Hive, StarDog, Amazon Redshift, MongoDB.

Strong understanding of data mining, machine learning, statistical techniques, and

underlying algorithms to discuss with clients

Ability to multi-task efficiently and think on the spot when being in front of clients.

A few of the perks we offer:

Market competitive compensation

Equity - every employee is a stakeholder in our success

A company culture driven by entrepreneurial thinking and talent

Fresh fruits, snacks & drinks

Cool office in Chelsea with lots of space to encourage collaboration and teamwork

Medical, dental and vision benefits for employees and their dependents

Pre-tax commuter benefits

401K, with company match

Close to public transportation

Optimistic, supportive, and FUN work environment

...and more

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity of all kinds at our company.

We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender,

sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
