Minimum Required Skills: SAR, C, Python, change maps, deformation maps, PhD If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! We are building the most advanced small-satellites in the world and bringing to market a capability that has never existed before. Our goal is to change humankind's ability to monitor our world and make better decisions. Besides the opportunity to take part in an innovative and fast-growing business with a highly motivated and skilled team, we also take pride in taking care of our employees. Top Reasons to Work with Us -100% paid medical/dental/vision insurance for employees, 50% contribution toward dependents -Gourmet-style, daily free lunch; weekly happy hour -401k plan -Flexible vacation policy -Commuter benefits including Caltrain passes and GoBike membership What You Will Be Doing 1. We are an emerging data company that provides persistent and reliable information from space with our planned constellation of small satellites. 2. We deliver information that informs a wide range of global decisions to save money, time, and lives, through our satellites immunity to bad weather patterns or poor lighting at night. 3. We are looking for a SAR Data Scientist to help us develop and launch our satellite fleet! What You Need for this Position At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of: -Experience processing SAR data -Ability to create change maps, deformation maps, DEMs, etc. -Excellent verbal and written communicator -Masters degree with 4 years work experience or PhD -Experience in radar signal analysis, SAR signal processing architecture for a range of applications -Experience coding in C and Python -Perspective on what is required to scale pilots by working directly with in house or third party analytics resources -Experience developing algorithms using neural networks / machine learning -UI and developer skills to be able to mock up prototypes for pilots and customers in generalSo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
