Minimum Required Skills: Data Science, Python, SQL, NLP If you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us We are a well funded news startup focused on hyperlocal content within a 0.2 radius of where you are. We're building the 'nearby button' of the internet, powering local discovery. What You Will Be Doing You will help power hyperlocal content discovery across the US. Our technology platform analyzes terabytes of unstructured data, identifies and validates the best signals, and through a combination of editorial, machine learning and data science, creates thousands of automated local stories and videos each month. Your primary responsibilities will be contributing to the technical development of our content automation pipeline, through which we turn insights from data into human-readable articles with minimal or no involvement from a human editor. You will work closely with our product, engineering, and editorial teams to deliver the highest-quality content quickly and at scale. A strong foundation in statistics, machine learning, Python, and SQL are necessary. At this moment of our growth, we are looking to bring onboard more expertise in either of the following fields: NLP or computer vision. As a member of our Content Intelligence and Automation team, you will have an outsized impact on future of our platform. We're building and growing which means you'll be able to leave your fingerprints all over the product while working with a world-class team to tackle one of tech's largest and most challenging problems: local. What You Need for this Position Responsibilities Leveraging our large amount of structured and unstructured data to extract newsworthy insights Developing algorithms and modeling techniques to expose conclusively how communities work at a neighborhood level Develop metrics and evaluate the performance of stories by designing experiments to drive product requirements Directing and providing technical support to data scientists and engineers working on content automation Growing and mentoring the team Keeping up with recent advances in machine-learning, big data processing, and your field of expertise (natural language processing/computer vision) Requirements MSc (PhD preferred) in hard sciences or computer science, natural language processing, machine learning Extensive experience working with various datasets, familiarity with common schemas, and an understanding of both the power and shortcomings of data Experience mentoring and building a technical team Experience in large scale software development and product development process (code design, test plan and code reviews) Fluent in Python programming including common data science tools such as Jupyter notebooks, scikit-learn, pandas, and matplotlib Fluent in SQL and ability to write queries for large datasets Experience with commonly available tools and infrastructures for natural language processing/computer vision, machine learning and parallel data processing Experience working with large amounts of user generated content and process data in large-scale environments using Amazon EC2, Storm, Hadoop and Spark 5+ years of professional experience in the field Preferred Qualifications Passionate about data driven products Passionate about uncovering stories in the local news space Experience in creating impactful data visualizations Is an active participant in meet-ups / groups related to: Data Analytics, Hadoop, Cloud Computing, Data Visualization, Data Mining, MapReduce, Machine Learning, High Scalability Computing, Predictive Analytics What's In It for You - Competitive Compensation - Ability to be apart of an early stage well funded startupSo, if you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
