Intro

Why this job?

1. Work on a product people love that solves real problems: Your friends and family can use Notion to take notes, display photos, collect recipes — while Fortune 500 companies use it to run huge teams (and some non-profits use it to conserve wildlife).
2. Help define what data means at Notion: As the first hire working full-time on data at Notion, you'll have outsized influence on what data infrastructure, data analysis, and data team structure look like as we grow the business.
3. Join us at a magical time: We've hit profitability and product-market fit, which gives us a huge green field to work with. You'd join at the perfect time to shape what we build and how we grow.
So, what will you do as a Data Scientist at Notion?
You'll build models to predict things like conversion and likelihood of churn.
You'll build and maintain KPI dashboards that teams rely on for making key decisions.
You'll collaborate with team leads across the business to understand and support their data needs.
You'll build and improve our underlying data infrastructure and tooling. (We currently use DBT, Snowflake, Mode Analytics, Fivetran, Census, Amplitude, Segment, and more).
You might be a fit for this role if...
You've spent meaningful time as a senior data scientist — or even better, you've previously managed a team (there's opportunity to do that here).
You have experience building predictive statistical and machine learning models, and you can build reproducible backtests for proposed models to demonstrate their effectiveness.
You have experience building out data infrastructure which facilitates speed, reliability, and scalability.
You are a SQL expert. You have no problem regularly leveraging window functions, UDFs, self-joins, and other complex SQL functions to accomplish your data analysis goals.
You have a bias for using the right tools to get a job done with maximum efficiency. You are an expert at making tradeoffs between speed and accuracy.
You have strong product sense and user intuition which inform the questions you ask of the data you are analyzing.
