Read what people are saying about working here. 

Description

Position Overview:

Enterprise Analytics is responsible for managing customer data, statistical modeling and advanced analytics requests from all the brands - Victoria's Secret, Bath & Body Works, Henri Bendel and La Senza.

The Data Scientist will be responsible for delivery of analytics requests and special projects. He / She will use several data sources and statistical techniques to interpret, analyze and develop solutions to business questions and present findings with actionable recommendations.

Specific Responsibilities:

Deliver projects around customer, marketing, merchandizing and inventory analytics and insights including ad-hoc requests originating from enterprise wide brands.

Use various statistical techniques like but not limited to predictive modeling, customer profiling, segmentation, data mining etc. to provide relevant & accurate insights

Execute predictive model scorings in order to support various customer marketing initiatives.

Query structured/unstructured data and perform exploratory data analysis on customer data and provide actionable insights.

Present ideas and findings with actionable recommendations in an easily consumable manner.

Participate in peer reviews of projects

Stay current with business results, strategies, industry standards and best practices.

Qualifications

Qualifications:

A degree in statistics / mathematics / economics / engineering / management with 5+ years of experience in statistical/quantitative analysis.

Lead Analyst / Data Scientist:

5+ years of experience in customer / marketing analytics role preferably in retail domain

Expert level proficiency in SAS (Base SAS, Enterprise Guide, Enterprise Miner) or R and advanced SQL programming skills in a UNIX environment. Additional technical know-how of Python will be preferred

In-depth knowledge of statistical procedures that are applied in segmentation, profiling, and data mining. Prior experience in machine learning techniques will be preferred.

Experience in Excel, Excel-VBA and PowerPoint. Ability to automate insights / reports using Macros (SAS and Excel VBA) & other relevant technologies

Experience in working with large relational databases (Teradata, Oracle). Prior experience in working on big data technologies will be preferred.

Ability to understand business needs to generate relevant accurate insights or translate business needs into analytical specifications

Demonstrated analytical & problem solving skills, ability to interpret reports, analyze trends and provide insights

Strong written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated ability to communicate complicated statistical analytical concepts to business stakeholders in a simplified comprehendible manner.

Ability to mentor / train other analysts on the team

Highly energized personality with a positive attitude and ability to work with minimal supervision, prioritize, multi task and work under tight timelines

Advanced degree in Mathematics, Advance statistics, physics, operations research, bio statistics &/or computer science preferred but not required

Technically proficient & relevant work experience in R/Python and other big data technologies (Manta, Hadoop, Aster Data) will be MANDATORY.

Ability to mentor / train other data scientists & analysts on the team

An equal opportunity employer, we do not discriminate in hiring or terms and conditions of employment because of an individual's race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected category recognized by state, federal or local laws. We only hire individuals authorized for employment in the United States.
