Minimum Required Skills: Computational Biology, Bioinformatics or closely related field, Biological Data, Forming/testing hypothesis, Cross-functional Team, Scientists and Labs Familiarity, Biotech, Developing Machine Learning Models Machine learning is at our core, and we're building a rare computational team that works closely with our biologists, together fighting disease. We are accelerating the discovery of therapies for aging and its related diseases. We believe that in the not-too-distant future, the discovery of therapies for aging will provide some of the most effective tools in history for reducing our burden of disease and extending our healthy lifespan. Our mission is to dramatically accelerate the realization of that future. And we're bringing a new set of machine learning tools to bear on this challenge. We're looking for an exceptional Data Scientist (Machine Learning) to join us in building a platform for rapid experimentation and analysis. What's In It for You This is a great opportunity to join a fast-growing Biotech startup that has the funding needed to be ambitious while still early enough to help define our culture, choices, and success. -Competitive salary ($120k-220k DOE) -Equity in a growing, well-funded startup -Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage -Awesome career growth opportunities -Generous vacation time -Healthy feedback-focused environment What You Need for this Position At Least 5+ Years of experience and knowledge of: -Programming proficiency and experience with relevant software tools such as R, Python (other programming languages welcome e.g. Julia, MATLAB), version control, and databases (SQL as well as NoSQL) -Experience in Computational Biology, Bioinformatics or closely related field -Experience working with deep learning models, or other machine learning models of high-dimensional biological data -Ability to handle data and form/test hypothesis -Scientists and Labs Familiarity -Programming proficiency and experience with relevant software tools such as R, Python (other programming languages welcome e.g. Julia, MATLAB), version control, and databases (SQL as well as NoSQL) Preferred not Required: -Experience with Biological data -Understanding of scientific lingo -Scientific background What You Will Be Doing Duties may include, but are not limited to: -Developing machine learning models to answer complex biological questions -Developing novel machine learning algorithms, implementing them, and contributing to a growing codebase of such models -Creating models to analyze large and complex biological data sets -Helping build tools and infrastructure -Forming and testing hypotheses -Communicating insights from our data -Learning and teaching others in a cross-functional teamInterviews are occurring next week, so email Lauren.Doversola@CyberCoders.com and apply now if you're interested! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
