Minimum Required Skills: Python, Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Data Science, Statistics, Algorithms If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! We are a small, rapidly growing aviation/aerospace company that needs a Data Scientist to mine our large dataset for new applications. What You Will Be Doing - Develop and implement advanced tools for conjunction prediction, orbit fitting, orbit prediction, maneuver detection, atmospheric drag modeling, etc. Work to scale these tools for real-time operations on large data sets. - Analyze algorithm performance and data quality. Design and implement automated testing and calibration systems. - Develop algorithms that will characterize, track, and predict the orbits for the hundreds-of-thousands of pieces of small debris that are not tracked today. - Mine our radar data set to determine new applications for the data. - Interface with satellite operations teams, and other customers, to tune performance and develop new products. What You Need for this Position At Least 3 Years of experience in: - Data Science - Python - Machine Learning - Data Analysis - Statistics - Algorithms What's In It for You - $120k - $175k salary - .05% - .25% equity - Competitive benefits package - Unique technologySo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
