Read what people are saying about working here. 

YOUR TITLE

Data Scientist, Life Experience Studies

LOCATION

Richmond, VA

YOUR ROLE

Are you ready to challenge yourself to be a part of the new Genworth? As a key member of the US Life Experience team, you will help write our new chapter. As our Data Scientist, Life Experience Studies, you will have an excellent opportunity to join a highly-motivated team responsible for providing analytical insights and experience studies to the organization. Your expertise will be essential to provide direction on complex problems, designing data management protocols and infrastructure and delivering advanced analytics. This role will be collaborative with actuarial, IT, leadership and others.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Design and implement data management protocol and corresponding infrastructure

Establish processes to improve efficiencies for life experience monitoring and studies

Create advanced analytical tools and predictive models to be used in understanding and monitoring data

Provide subject expertise to key stakeholders that is clearly communicated to non-technical audiences

Collaborating with IT and actuarial teams to facilitate efficient data processes, transformation, storage and integrity

Continuously evaluate technologies that can support and better business needs

Other duties as assigned

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

3+ years of experience in a programming language such as Python, R, Java

3+ years of experience working with large data sets, machine learning techniques, or developing software for scientific applications (e.g. in the course of educational work)

Experience with version control tools and DevOps protocols

Experience communicating and collaborating with non-technical audiences

Ability to manage concurrent deadlines and multiple priorities in an organized manner

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

PhD. in math, statistics, computer science, physics, biological science, engineering, or related field

Knowledge of high-performance computing techniques

COMPANY

Genworth Financial, Inc. is a leading insurance holding company committed to helping families achieve the dream of home ownership and address the financial challenges of aging through its leadership positions in mortgage insurance and long-term care insurance. Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, Genworth traces its roots back to 1871.

The mission of Genworth’s US Life business is to develop solutions that meet the financial challenges of aging, including individual and group long term care insurance, annuities, life insurance and new innovative products over time.

We know we can’t deliver on our mission unless we deliver for our employees. That’s why we’re committed to creating a work environment that fosters inclusion, camaraderie, rewarding work, community involvement, and a focus on our employees’ well-being. We know each employee contributes in their own unique way and we’re dedicated to supporting every one of them to help them reach their full potential.
