DivIHN (pronounced Divine) is a nationally-recognized Business Technology Solutions and Staffing services provider headquartered in Chicago. Since our formation in 2002, we have been trusted by Fortune 500 organizations to help them locate and hire best-in-class talent through our Award-winning Professional Workforce Solutions program. Check out our careers page to see all of our job openings: http://divihn.com/careers/find-a-job/ One of our BEST F500 customers has engaged us to help them hire a Data Scientist Lead to be available to work out of their office in Lisle, Illinois; details can be found below. 02/25/2019 TO 12/31/2019 Please apply or call one of us to learn more Our esteemed client in Lisle, IL is looking for a Data Scientist to join their team. Please share the resume to RRaj@Divihn.com or Sgeorge@Divihn.com or call 630 8470285 for Roopa and 630 847 0231 for George. Data Scientist, lisle, IL 1 year project with possible extension Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse big data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement. Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers Education requirement: o Bachelor's degree and at least 2 years of analytics / database management experience OR o At least 5 years of analytics or statistical analysis experience Required/Preferred Certifications: Experience with SQL, Hadoop environment, Tableau or Power BI. R and Python would be a plus. About us: DivIHN, the 'IT Asset Performance Services' organization, provides Professional Consulting, Custom Projects, and Professional Resource Augmentation services to clients in the Mid-West and beyond. The strategic characteristics of the organization are Standardization, Specialization, and Collaboration.
