Job Req #: 19-01463 Job Description : Senior Data Scientist - W2 only Location: Chicago, IL Position Type : Contract The Senior Data Scientist role is key to my client s transformational Digital Supply Chain strategy. The successful candidate will be a Data Scientist with exceptional analytical, problem solving, and research skills with a proven track record of delivering innovative and actionable analytics solutions in complex environments. The incumbent will have experience developing analytic solutions in SAS, applying Data Mining solutions, and applying Machine Learning algorithms and models. Excellent verbal and written communication skills will be vital, as collaboration with cross-functional teams is key to the role's success. Key Responsibilities: The incumbent will both support and drive improvements in our existing statistical modeling and analytic solutions, including our Demand Forecasting statistical modelling and forecasting system. They will implement new advanced analytic solutions, including Data Mining solutions and applying Machine Learning to existing processes, to increase Forecast Accuracy, improve Service Levels, and reduce Total Delivered Costs. They will continue to evolve the measuring and reporting of performance KPIs for multiple processes, including S&OP Forecast Value Add. The incumbent will partner with IT and other internal analytics teams to drive the evolution of my client's descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytic capabilities. Support and evolve the SAS Demand Forecasting statistical modelling platform, analytics, and reports Apply Machine Learning solutions to existing processes to drive insights, efficiencies, and accuracy Create Data Mining solutions to provide analytic insights and Client the foundation for further analytics Evolve the standardized measurement and reporting of KPIs for multiple analytic processes Implement solutions that continue to drive automation of ETL and other processes Partner with cross-functional business stakeholders on assumptions, opportunities, and solutions Collaborate with other Analytics and IT teams to drive standards, align on best practices, identify future solution needs, and keep current with industry trends Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics, or field with significant Statistics exposure 3 years of experience delivering solutions with your excellent analytical and problem-solving skills Proficiency in SAS programming; experience with R, Python, and creating complex queries in SQL Experience with Data Mining solutions including Clustering and Classification methods Experience with Machine Learning modeling, including Decision Trees, ANNs, SVMs, BNs, etc. Strong MS Office skills, including advanced Excel knowledge and experience with PowerPoint Excellent written and verbal communication skills - both formal and informal Ability to work within a project paradigm with defined deliverables and deadlines Ability to manage and balance multiple and sometimes conflicting priorities Additional, Preferred Qualifications Advanced degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Mathematics, or field with significant Statistics exposure SAS Certified Base Programmer and SAS Certified Advanced Programmer Experience with data visualization and presentation tools (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI, etc.) Exposure to the Client industry and Logistics functions Exposure to artificial intelligence, big data architecture, and distributed computing Exposure to optimization and simulation methods, models, and tools Up to 25% travel is required Diane Douglas Senior Technical Recruiter 303-694-5493 About Ascent: The Ascent Services Group (ASG) is a nationally recognized technology staffing and consulting firm whose fundamental business is providing staffing services to Small, Medium, and Large Enterprise clients in our core market verticals: Financial Services, Healthcare, Technology and Life Sciences. As consultants for ASG, you will have access to many of the top clients within the industries we serve. Our goal is to deliver innovative talent through proven best practices and effective resource optimization. Become one of ASG's candidates and experience the difference! IND05
