Eliassen Group is seeking a Lead Data Scientist for our client who is the first company to develop and offer- mass customization and personalization of credit card products, and they have been innovating relentlessly ever since. Today, they are a nationally recognized brand, a top-ten bank, and a scientific laboratory on a journey to become a leading high-tech company and digital innovator touching more than 65 million customer accounts. Our client dares to dream, disrupt and deliver a better way for their customers, the financial industry and for each other. If you would you like to join our team in McLean for 12 months+ possible contract to hire, please apply! We will accept corp to corp or w2 contractors. For our w2 consultants, we offer a great benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, 401k with company matching, and life insurance. Requirements of the Lead Data Scientist: Strong data engineering and statistical modeling/validation skills Ability to code in Python or R to replicate sensitivity analysis or model monitoring metrics Ability to test linear models using variable reduction techniques, conduct cross validation and tuning hyper-parameters Experience with scikit-learn and Pandas Job Code: 315685 Keywords: Lead Data Scientist, scikit-learn, Pandas, Python About Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients- innovation and business results. Leveraging nearly 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit http://www.eliassen.com. Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Don-t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check ! Category: None
