Read what people are saying about working here. CHS has an exciting opportunity in our Information Systems group. We are looking for a Data Scientist to provide data driven actionable insights and recommendations to the business (Agriculture & Energy) by leveraging data from multiple sources including both SAP and Legacy systems. Interpret trends and patterns using statistical techniques and tools. Provide visualization tools to provide clear/concise insights to business partners and external stakeholders.

You will:

Use predictive modeling and data analytics to solve business problems and provide insights to improve decision-making.

Facilitate requirements gathering and analysis from process areas and business subject matter experts. Analyze conflicts between business and process area data requirements.

Develop algorithms and deploy solutions to business problems/questions based on real-world data

Forecast impact of process changes and various market scenarios to operating/ financial performance.

Identify and integrate new data (internal & external) to improve modeling and business decisions.

Collaborate with business and subject matter experts to identify, analyze and document data sources – SAP, Point Solutions, & Legacy Systems.

Contribute information to category management, product management and strategic planning processes.

Provide stewardship of critical master data through data request process validation and enrichment procedures

Participate in technology decisions to enable data governance processes and data quality monitoring

Facilitate target system data requirements and gap analysis vs current source systems

Transform data from disparate sources to provide normalized reporting results.

Establish data normalization and cleansing rules necessary to enable required analytics capabilities

Collaborate with business and technical SMEs to identify, analyze, and document data transformation rules from legacy source systems.

Develop visualization tools to provide clear and concise insights to business partners and external stakeholders.

Facilitate, support and train business subject matter experts on visualization tools to promote self-service Basic Qualifications: (required)

Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, or Mathematics or related field within 90 days of completion

Ability to provide front-end data analysis, requirements gathering, design, testing, documentation & tools support

Strong analytical skills both technical and business

Ability to effectively communicate analytical concepts and findings to business stakeholders

Ability to work independently Preferred Qualifications: (desired)

High level programming skills – R or Python

Experience with Data visualization tools – eg Power BI or Office 365

General knowledge of system lifecycle development and Agile concepts CHS is the nation’s largest farmer-owned cooperative and a global energy, grains and foods business. We’re owned by 600,000 farmers both ...
