US Tech Solutions is seeking a “ Data Scientist                 ” for a 12+ Months Contract on W2   position with a client in NEW BRUNSWICK / NJ / 08901 .   Position Summary: ·          The Medical Device Epidemiology - Real World Data Sciences (MD EPI-RWDS) organization in company conducts observational research to support product development, product launch, post-market safety and effectiveness, value assessments, and business development of medical devices. ·          The team leads RWD innovation and methodological excellence across company’s medical device sector. The team provides skills in using real-world evidence to answer questions related to epidemiology of the indication, safety, product development, label extensions, value demonstration for payers, and other activities. ·          The fellow will partner with MD Operating Companies to formulate and address research questions using a variety of analytical techniques applied to various databases. ·          The person will be responsible for assisting with various projects and initiatives in areas of epidemiology, health economics, outcomes research, and post-market safety surveillance. ·          Examples of specific activities will include managing projects, drafting protocols and analyzing electronic healthcare databases (insurance claims data, hospital billing data, EMRs, registries, etc.) to evaluate disease natural history, safety and effectiveness of treatments using clinical and surrogate endpoints, or benefit-risk questions for specific devices. Principal Duties & Responsibilities: ·          The role will involve participation in various project teams and task forces in addressing issues raised by product teams or regulatory agencies, where it will provide epidemiologic, predictive analytic and/or health economic consulting to product teams, generate needed real-world evidence, and/or disseminate scientific information through technical reports or models, presentations, and publications in peer-reviewed literature, as agreed by the team. ·          Close collaboration with cross-functional teams involving R&D leaders, data scientists, healthcare researchers and healthcare providers is a key requirement of this position. ·          Participating in various work streams/ task forces to standardize research and analytical processes to improve efficiency and quality of deliverables ·          Facilitating access to key healthcare databases and providing core analytics capability for clinicians and researchers across the sector; ·          Supporting the Post-market Surveillance Initiative to enhance safety and surveillance activities as part of product lifecycle management; Education and Experience: ·          A minimum of a PhD in biostatistics, health services research, epidemiology, health policy, health outcomes research or other related field is required ·          Knowledge of healthcare databases, economic and predictive modeling, and other related analytical methodology is required ·          The candidate must have a sophisticated understanding and the ability to analyze and interpret quantitative data using statistical software such as SAS, R, etc. ·          Experience with writing methods sections of study proposals/ protocols/ or background epidemiologic material on specific disease or therapeutic areas is a must. ·          The incumbent must have strong written and verbal communication skill.       About US Tech Solutions:   Your talent, our opportunities - This is the premise behind US Tech Solutions. You have the skill we have the opportunity. As a team, we work passionately for you to get the right career opportunity across industry verticals and functions. For past sixteen years, leading Global Companies and Fortune 500 come to us to get the right talent. Whether you want to work as full-time, contractor or part-time, technical or non-technical our talent consultants will connect with the right career opportunity globally. Connect with our talent team today. USTECH was founded in 2000 by Manoj Agarwal. Today, we are a global firm offering talent solutions to 150 customers including 20% of Fortune 500 across Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Aerospace, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Technology, Manufacturing, and Engineering. We are headquartered in New Jersey with 40 global locations across the USA, Canada, Europe, and India. Deloitte has recognized USTECH as one of the fastest growing private businesses for the past five consecutive years and INC 500 for the past three. We have also been rated “The Top Business in the US" by Diversity Business since 2011. To learn more about how US Tech Solutions visit our website: www.ustechsolutions.com. “US Tech is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."   Rashmi Magal Account Manager US Tech Solutions, Inc.                                          Direct Tel: 551-277-0491 (Direct) Address: 399 Thornall Street, 5th floor, Edison, NJ 08837 Email: Rashmim@ustechsolutions.com URL: www.ustechsolutions.com   |US Tech Solutions is seeking a “| for a |position with a client in | ·          |The Medical Device Epidemiology - Real World Data Sciences (MD EPI-RWDS) organization in company conducts observational research to support product development, product launch, post-market safety and effectiveness, value assessments, and business development of medical devices. | ·          |The team leads RWD innovation and methodological excellence across company’s medical device sector. The team provides skills in using real-world evidence to answer questions related to epidemiology of the indication, safety, product development, label extensions, value demonstration for payers, and other activities. | ·          |The fellow will partner with MD Operating Companies to formulate and address research questions using a variety of analytical techniques applied to various databases. | ·          |The person will be responsible for assisting with various projects and initiatives in areas of epidemiology, health economics, outcomes research, and post-market safety surveillance. | ·          |Examples of specific activities will include managing projects, drafting protocols and analyzing electronic healthcare databases (insurance claims data, hospital billing data, EMRs, registries, etc.) to evaluate disease natural history, safety and effectiveness of treatments using clinical and surrogate endpoints, or benefit-risk questions for specific devices. | ·          |The role will involve participation in various project teams and task forces in addressing issues raised by product teams or regulatory agencies, where it will provide epidemiologic, predictive analytic and/or health economic consulting to product teams, generate needed real-world evidence, and/or disseminate scientific information through technical reports or models, presentations, and publications in peer-reviewed literature, as agreed by the team. | ·          |Close collaboration with cross-functional teams involving R&D leaders, data scientists, healthcare researchers and healthcare providers is a key requirement of this position. | ·          |Participating in various work streams/ task forces to standardize research and analytical processes to improve efficiency and quality of deliverables | ·          |Facilitating access to key healthcare databases and providing core analytics capability for clinicians and researchers across the sector; | ·          |Supporting the Post-market Surveillance Initiative to enhance safety and surveillance activities as part of product lifecycle management; | ·          |A minimum of a PhD in biostatistics, health services research, epidemiology, health policy, health outcomes research or other related field is required | ·          |Knowledge of healthcare databases, economic and predictive modeling, and other related analytical methodology is required | ·          |The candidate must have a sophisticated understanding and the ability to analyze and interpret quantitative data using statistical software such as SAS, R, etc. | ·          |Experience with writing methods sections of study proposals/ protocols/ or background epidemiologic material on specific disease or therapeutic areas is a must. | ·          |The incumbent must have strong written and verbal communication skill.| | | |Your talent, our opportunities - This is the premise behind US Tech Solutions. |You have the skill we have the opportunity. As a team, we work passionately for you to get the right career opportunity across industry verticals and functions. For past sixteen years, leading Global |Companies and Fortune 500 come to us to get the right talent. Whether you want to work as full-time, contractor or part-time, technical or non-technical our talent consultants will connect with the right career opportunity globally.|Connect with our talent team today.|USTECH was founded in 2000 by Manoj Agarwal. Today, we are a global firm offering talent solutions to 150 customers including 20% of Fortune 500 across Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Aerospace, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Technology, Manufacturing, and Engineering. We are headquartered in New Jersey with 40 global locations across the USA, Canada, Europe, and India. Deloitte has recognized USTECH as one of the fastest growing private businesses for the past five consecutive years and INC 500 for the past three. We have also been rated “The Top Business in the US" by Diversity Business since 2011. To learn more about how US Tech Solutions visit our website: www.ustechsolutions.com.|   |Direct Tel: 551-277-0491 (Direct) | 399 Thornall Street, 5th floor, Edison, NJ 08837|Email: |Rashmim@ustechsolutions.com|URL: www.ustechsolutions.com| 
