Read what people are saying about working here. 

Position located in Allentown, PA or Washington, D.C.

The Data Scientist designs and implements processes and layouts for complex, large-scale data sets used for predictive modeling, data mining, and research purposes. They work with the business stakeholders to identify data requirements, and both model and frame business scenarios that are meaningful and impact critical business decisions.

Primary Responsibilities

Business Alignment and Thought Leadership:

Work with the business stakeholders to identify data requirements.

Model and frame business scenarios that are both meaningful and impact critical business processes and/or decisions.

Effectively communicate complex technical data results to target audience.

Data Collection and Integration:

Parse and manipulate raw, complex data streams to prepare for loading into an analytical tool.

Perform end-to-end data set identification, development, and implementation.

Work with Data Analysts / Technologists to support data collection, integration and retention requirements based on the input collected with the business.

Gather and process data from the Transmission, Distribution, Customer Service, and EU Service functions, and transform them into data products.

Design and implement statistical data quality procedures around new data sources.

Develop and implement data set processes and layout.

Discovery and Statistical Analysis:

Implement data formulation process, including identification of attributes, exploratory data analysis, data transformation, and temporal data structures.

Perform statistical analyses with both new and existing data sets in statistical packages.

Understand the use and ability to employ the appropriate algorithms to discover patterns.

Apply best available practices for artificial intelligence and machine learning.

Reporting:

Implement ongoing improvements to methods and algorithms that lead to findings, including new information.

Guide /collaborate with Data Visualization Technologists to visualize and report data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that appropriately provide insights to the business.

Data Governance:

Ensure that the information used follows the compliance, access management and control policies of the organization.

Physical presence in the office/on-site to engage in face-to-face interaction and coordination of work among direct reports and co-workers.

May be assigned an Electric Utilities emergency and storm role. This is a special assignment that comes into play during storms and other emergencies when the company needs to restore power or respond to other issues affecting customer service. This role may necessitate the need to work after-hours, outside of your normal schedule.

Candidate Qualifications

Candidates must meet the basic qualifications and pass all required tests or assessments to receive consideration.

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility form upon hire.

Basic Qualifications

Basic Qualifications for Associate Data Scientist:

Master’s degree in Data Science, Data Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field OR Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Data Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field related fieldand 2 years of experience with data mining and statistical analysis.

Experience with predictive modeling and machine learning algorithms.

Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation.

Experience with object-oriented programming languages such as Python.

Knowledge of industry leading data quality and data protection management practices.

Proven ability to prioritize and execute tasks.

Highly self-motivated and directed with attention to detail.

Easily adapts to changing circumstances.

Able to understand business goals and strategic priorities.

Basic Qualifications for Data Scientist:

Master's Degree in Data Science, Data Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field and 5 years experience with SAS, ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics.

Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis.

Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation.

Experience with object-oriented programming languages such as Python.

Knowledge of industry leading data quality and data protection management practices.

Proven ability to prioritize and execute tasks.

Highly self-motivated and directed with attention to detail.

Easily adapts to changing circumstances.

Able to understand business goals and strategic priorities.

Experience with predictive modeling and machine learning algorithms.

Knowledge of data governance practices, business and technology issues related to management of enterprise information assets, and approaches related to data protection.

Knowledge of data related government regulatory requirements and emerging trends and issues.

Preferred Qualifications

Preferred Qualifications for Associate Data Scientist:

Master’s degree.

Five (5) years experience with SAS, ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics.

Preferred Qualifications for Data Scientist:

PhD in in Data Science, Data Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field.

Equal Employment Opportunity

Our company is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity and the strength it brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identify, genetic information, disability status, or any other protected characteristic.

 Headquartered in Allentown, Pennsylvania, PPL is a Fortune 500 company that employs more than 12,000 people in the U.S. and United Kingdo...
