Applied Technology Researcher / Data Scientist
(Information Technology Specialist)
Background: We are seeking a resourceful and enthusiastic professional who will conduct the research and support of emerging technologies at the IT Tech Lab. The Tech Lab is focused on the exploration, knowledge gathering and dissemination of emerging technologies capabilities and potential benefits to support operations and other strategic internal initiatives. Over the last couple of years, the Tech Lab has completed a wide range of protypes and exploration in the areas of blockchain, artificial intelligence, drones, IoT, 3D printing, virtual reality, augmented reality, quantum computing and many other technologies. As the Tech Lab continues to capture more knowledge and experience in a wide variety sectors, its value as a trusted source continues to grow.
The team: The Information Technology Department’s (ITE/IPS) Business Partner Group works closely with our Sector Operations (VPS) and Knowledge, Innovation and Communications sector (KIC). Our purpose is to deliver business technology, solution discovery service, and cultivate a strategic partnership to facilitate business technology delivery, solution discovery, service delivery reviews, and relationship management.
What you will do: As a member of the ITE/IPS team, you will:
Lead the research on emerging technologies such as blockchain, artificial intelligence, IoT, digital identity, 5G, among others.
Build knowledge products such as articles and papers on emerging technologies and their applicability to the Latin America and Caribbean region (LAC) in achieving their sustainable development goals (SDG). Work with IDB Specialists to understand their needs and interests and find applications of the technologies that can contribute to Bank Operations or Projects. Work with the Knowledge, Innovation and Communication (KIC) department to promote articles, papers and blog posts that explain emerging technologies and describe their applications for development in a way that can be understood by non-technologists.
Analyze data from different sources, using different technologies and projects and use tools such as R, C , and Tableau, among others, to process and create actionable reports, dashboards and/or visualizations.
Advise IDB specialists in projects that use emerging technologies. Work as part of multidisciplinary teams with members that are scattered in different regions, with different focus (economist and sectors specialists) and from different countries.
Propose, develop, conduct and coordinate demos, pilots, proof of concept, and prototypes to test emerging technologies, demonstrate how they work and what their applications are to non-technical people. Build strategies defining metrics and Key Performance Indicators (KPI) to follow-up and evaluate their success.
Train others in how to use the products and how they can pass along the knowledge or disseminate. Coordinate presentations and the creation of multimedia material.
Document and write reference guides

Skills you will need:
Education: You hold a master’s degree (or equivalent) in an area of expertise that is relevant to the duties of the position such as Computer Science, Physics, Data Science and Analytics. You have taken additional courses or have proven expertise in different emerging technologies such as blockchain, artificial intelligence, IoT, digital identity, and 5G, among others.
Skills and Experience: You have at least four years of experience in the use of emerging technologies for development. You have confirmed experience in doing research, analyzing technical documents, writing. While leading teams or as technical lead in projects, you have captured experience in working with non-technical people. You have ability to thrive and develop in a learning environment, excellent organizational and communication skills, ability to manage a broad portfolio of different assignments with shifting priorities, and high level of attention to detail and accuracy.
Languages: You are proficient in English and Spanish. Proficiency in any other of the Bank’s official languages is a plus (Portuguese and/or French).
Link to Technical Competencies (← please Ctrl Click)
Link to Core Competencies (← please Ctrl Click)
Opportunity summary:
- Type of contract: Fixed-Term
- Length of Contract: 3 years
- Starting date: August 16, 2020
- Location: Washington, D.C.
Our culture: Our people are committed and passionate about improving lives in Latin-America and the Caribbean, and they get to do what they love in a diverse, collaborative and stimulating work environment. We are the first Latin American and Caribbean development institution to be awarded the EDGE certification, recognizing our strong commitment to gender equality. As an employee you can be part of internal resource groups that connect our diverse community around common interests.
We encourage women, afro-descendants, people of indigenous origins, and persons with disabilities to apply.

About us: At the IDB, we’re committed to improving lives. Since 1959, we’ve been a leading source of long-term financing for economic, social, and institutional development in Latin America and the Caribbean. We do more than lending though. We partner with our 48-member countries to provide Latin America and the Caribbean with cutting-edge research about relevant development issues, policy advice to inform their decisions, and technical assistance to improve on the planning and execution of projects. For this, we need people who not only have the right skills, but also are passionate about improving lives.

The IDB offers a competitive remuneration and benefits package.
Our team in Human Resources carefully reviews all applications.

Due to the current COVID-19 pandemic and its implications for our Region, the IDB Group is reviewing its hiring needs and re-prioritizing its areas of talent acquisition. We encourage candidates to continue to apply to the active postings, yet current job openings may be subject to further decisions in terms of timing of the processes, or other actions, in accordance with business needs. Final hiring decisions may also be conditioned to the candidate’s ability to timely relocate to the post of duty at the moment of starting service.
