A TEKsystems client is looking for a talented MS Excel developer with an aptitude for Data Science modeling and techniques to help build new and maintain existing automation tools in support of 24/7 operations. The person should be proficient in leveraging native Excel functionality for maximizing user ownership and flexibility, along with strong VBA programming skills for providing additional functionality sparingly as necessary. This person should have a passion for usability, an eye for visual consistency and a knack for reducing complexity, user interaction time and potential for error. Responsibilities: work directly with users to understand business requirements and translate them into effective automation solutions; create tools for automating data ingestion, analysis, reporting and submission from/to a wide variety of electronic sources/interfaces; promote existing and develop new design guidelines, best practices and standards. Skills: ability to troubleshoot and resolve issues quickly and effectively; creativity and resourcefulness at problem solving while collaborating and working effectively with others; attention to detail; ability to faithfully follow direction as well as work independently. Proficiency with Python, R, SQL, Oracle, MS SQL Server, MS Access, VB.NET, JIRA and Confluence desirable. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
