Full Time Permanent Role U.S. Citizens/Green Cards and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor currently. Position : Data Scientist Location : Piscataway, NJ / Richardson, TX / Tampa, FL FULLTIME POSITION Roles:  As a Data Scientist, you will be an expert contributing to different phases of the consulting lifecycle. You will be intensely involved in ensuring design, build and implementation of work product; participate in requirements elicitation, validation of architecture, creation and review of design. You will define the problem, propose and create the solution. You will also play an important role in the development, configuration and deployment of the overall solution. You will guide teams on project processes, deliverables and contribute to the proposal development, client training and internal capability building and help detail the project scope. You will have the opportunity to shape value-adding consulting solutions that enable our clients to meet the changing needs of the global landscape. Qualifications Basic • Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education. • At least 7 years of experience with Information Technology. Preferred • Master's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field is preferred • 7+ years of hand-on development or working experience in Business Intelligence and Analytics space • 4+ years of experience with scripting languages like Python and statistical/mathematical software like R • Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis • Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills • Expert in Python and hands-on experience with scripting language like R, Perl • Solid experience with SQL and relational databases • Familiarity with AWS data solutions such as S3 and Redshift • Experience applying machine learning concepts • Experience in the fields of Augmented Realty, Virtual Realty and/or BlockChain will be a plus • Excellent communication and organizational skills with significant attention to detail About Net2Source Inc Net2Source is an employer-of-choice for over 1000 consultants across the globe. We recruit top-notch talent for over 40 Fortune and Government clients coast-to-coast across the U.S. We are one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. and this may be your opportunity to join us! Want to read more about Net2Source? , Visit us at www.net2source.com Thanks & Regards, Rav Rawat Net2Source, Inc. 425 Market Street Suite # 2200, San Francisco, California, 94105 Email: ravinder.rawat@net2source.com Office: 415-754-4140 (Direct), 201.340.8700 Ext: 531 Website : http://www.net2source.com/
