A chance to provide active support to our sponsor’s vital
national security mission and to build MITRE’s capabilities in the artificial
intelligence and machine learning arenas.
This is a strategic leadership role with the successful candidate also
advising and working to expand MITRE’s internal capabilities and programs in
artificial intelligence and machine learning. The selected candidate will work
with MITRE management and sponsors to enhance the robustness of MITRE AI/ML
capabilities and to have direct input into immediate and long term AI/ML
technical direction of multiple sponsors. While still having a technical focus on
current AI/ML technology and trends, this role will have small group management
responsibilities and requires knowledge.
From the technical side, this role requires the ability to perform
technical evaluation and selection of technologies and alternatives for
infrastructure and specific applications, formulation of computational
strategies and hands on implementation with real world datasets. Activities may
include in-depth analysis of technology, planning and conducting experiments,
prototypes and simulations, producing assessments, and creating repeatable
workflows and underlying technology requirements. On the strategic side, this role requires
technical team building and planning for long term growth of MITRE’s support to
sponsors in the AI/ML arena. The role
also requires the ability to communicate findings and impacts to a diverse
audience, including senior decision makers.
This is an opportunity to shape and have a long lasting impact on AI/ML
for national security tasks.

Technical degree with experience in software engineering and
prototyping for analytics.

Minimum of 8 years of experience in a technical field,
including but not limited to: Computer Science, Data Science, Computational
Analytics, Informatics, or Machine Learning.

Experience with Python, R, and Jupyter Notebooks

Strong analytic,
inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills.

Small group
leadership experience.

Self-starter with
ability to work alone and to build a diverse team.

Strong
communication skills and ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical
and senior decision-makers

Understanding of systems
engineering processes including requirements analysis

Current TS/SCI
clearance with polygraph
Desired Skills

Doctorate in computational
sciences or related field

Experience with data
wrangling for analytics and machine learning

Familiarity with small
scale and large scale AI/ML environments

Program strategy
development and demonstrated leadership ability

Experience with
cloud-based environments and other virtualization technologies

Current TS/SCI
clearance with polygraph
Additional comments

Due to the nature of the work and the immediacy of the need,
a mandatory requirement is an appropriate, active clearance (TS/SCI with
polygraph as accepted by the task sponsor) for the work program.
