Minimum Required Skills: Analytics, Python, SQL, GCP, BigQuery, Tableau If you are a Senior Data Scientist with at least 7 years of professional experience, please read on! Located in the heart of San Francisco, we manufacturer one of the most well-recognized e-cigarettes on the market. We are dedicated to addressing a global crisis that has gone on for too long -- combustible cigarettes. We are searching for an experienced data scientist to join one of the fastest growing startups in history. Preferred candidates will have a proven track record delivering high-value analytics at a technology, finance or CPG firm. What You Will Be Doing - Modeling the dynamics of the fast moving market that we operate in and understanding our impact on it - Bringing visibility into our complex sales, logistics and supply chain operations through dashboards and standardized metrics - Explaining and predicting online and offline consumer choices and consumption patterns - Building demand forecasting models and understanding their behavior - Creating clean analytical data models and tools to help empower business and operational teams What You Need for this Position - Bachelor's degree from a top university or equivalent - Excellent Python and SQL skills - Experience with data visualization, dashboarding and analytical report building - World-class ability to extract and communicate insights from real-world datasets - Proven track record delivering high-value analytics output at a technology, finance or CPG firm - Experience leading the work of other data scientists or analysts - 7+ years applicable experience and/or a relevant advanced degree - Experience with Pandas, GCP/BigQuery, Tableau and Mode is a plus What's In It for You - Competitive Base Salary (DOE) - Vacation/PTO - Great Medical Package - Cell Phone Subsidy & Commuter Benefits - Equity & Performance Bonuses - 401kSo, if you are a Senior Data Scientist with at least 7 years of experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
