Read what people are saying about working here. 

Req Id: 131094

As a Data Scientist at Micron Technology Inc., you will employ techniques and theories drawn from many fields within the broad areas of mathematics, statistics, and information technology, including signal processing, probability models, machine learning, statistical learning, computer programming, data engineering, pattern recognition and learning, visualization, uncertainty modeling, Big Data, and high performance computing to uncover patterns in data from which predictive models, actionable insights, and solutions can be developed. You will interact with product, process, operations and/or service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. In this position, you will be expected to develop and code software programs, algorithms and/or automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. You will also interpret and communicate insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers.

Minimum Qualifications:

Knowledge or experience using R, JMP, and/or other statistical software including scripting capability for automating analyses.

Knowledge or experience extracting data from different databases via SQL and other query languages and applying data cleansing, outlier identification, and missing data techniques.

Knowledge or experience working with small, big, structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data.

Knowledge or experience applying machine learning and other advanced analytical methods.

Knowledge or working experience with Hadoop and/or Teradata.

Python programming knowledge or experience.

All job offers will be contingent upon a successful drug screening and background check.

Work Location: 8000 S. Federal Way, Boise, ID 83716

Hours of work: Usually 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday

Degree Required: MS or equivalent foreign education

Academic Discipline(s): Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or Electrical Engineering

Experience Required: Two years of experience

Alternate Occupations

Accepted: Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or Electrical Engineering

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at 1-800-336-8918 or 208-368-4748 and/or submit: Job Information Request Form to: TJA@micron.com.

Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || Technology Development || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || Not Applicable ||

 It’s About Memory    http://www.micron.com/jobs

Today’s demanding applications require not just more memory, but new memory
innovatio...
