Minimum Required Skills: Python, Machine Learning, scikit-learn, Tensorflow, PyTorch, IR Tools, Recommender Systems Our AI-powered knowledge base brings companies into the future of automation and insights. Our platform uses machine learning to surface relevant information in the right context, keeps regularly changing information up-to-date, and delivers it through chat, email or intranet. We are also the creator of the BotChain, a ?decentralized? ?bot? ?registration,? ?identification,? ?communication,? ?and? ?audit platform? ?built? ?on? ?the? ?Ethereum? ?blockchain? ?and? ?focused? ?on? ?businesses enabling the future of workplace automation and communications. What You Will Be Doing Lead the improvement and evolution of our question answering product capabilities Work and direct others on the data science team to carry out research goals Prepare and present reports to executive leadership Publish in and attend relevant academic conferences What You Need for this Position Graduate degree (MS or PhD) in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related discipline with specialization in natural language processing, information retrieval, and machine learning. Demonstrated experience directing independent research Experience with Python Experience using machine learning toolkits and frameworks such as scikit-learn, TensorFlow, or PyTorch Familiarity with IR tools and recommender systems What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - VisionSo, if you are a Lead Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
