Read what people are saying about working here. 

Req Id: 131015

As a Senior Data Scientist at Micron Technology Inc., you will employ techniques and theories drawn from many fields within the broad areas of mathematics, statistics, process control systems and information technology, including signal processing, probability models, machine learning, statistical learning, fault detection and classification, run to run control, computer programming, data engineering, pattern recognition, visualization, Big Data, and high performance computing to uncover patterns in data from which predictive models, process control strategies, actionable insights and solutions can be developed. You will interact with various teams to identify opportunities for data analysis and experiments. You will develop an improved understanding and usage of data analysis, predictive modeling and process control tools and methods in the teams. You will be expected to develop and code software programs, algorithms and/or automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. You will present results from analysis and experiments to various managers. You will participate with the worldwide team to standardize and share data science and process control solutions, including suggestions to optimize the effectiveness of solutions and assist with evaluation, purchase, and implementation of statistical and process control system software and related tools. You will also develop training materials and train on data science and control systems and related topics, work with peers in other Fabs and central teams to provide direction and assistance with data science and process control systems.

Your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:

Understand and prioritize analytic goals to address business opportunities and value.

Collect and analyze data as required, to support customer teams.

Work with various volumes of data from disparate sources and perform data analysis and mining to generate solutions to business problems.

Establish and maintain effective relationships with R&D customers, data architects, IS developers and infrastructure groups.

Lead efforts to identify signals, uncover patterns in data, develop models, predictions and evaluate statistical validity and significance of solutions.

Evaluate results using statistical methods and improve the model if needed.

Present data to various levels of management using effective presentation and data visualization techniques.

Minimum Qualifications:

Knowledge or experience in store procedures in Teradata.

Knowledge or experience in working with Hive.

Knowledge or experience in working with HBase.

Knowledge or experience in production Python development.

Knowledge or experience in production R development.

Knowledge or experience in how eigen values and eigen vectors are used in Data Science.

Knowledge or experience in Newton method for optimization.

Knowledge or experience in regularization.

Knowledge or experience in how to ensemble methods to build machine learning model.

Knowledge or experience in Student test.

Knowledge or experience in Principal Component Analysis.

Knowledge or experience in working with pySpark.

Knowledge or experience in semiconductor manufacturing.

Knowledge or experience in working with Tableau.

All job offers will be contingent upon a successful drug screening and background check.

Work Location: 8000 S. Federal Way, Boise, ID 83716

Hours of work: Usually 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday

Degree Required: MS or equivalent foreign education

Academic Discipline(s): Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Industrial Engineering

Experience Required: None

OR

Degree Required: BS or equivalent foreign education

Academic Discipline(s): Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Industrial Engineering

Experience Required: Five years of progressive post-graduate experience

Alternate Occupations

Accepted: Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Industrial Engineering

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

For US Sites Only: To request assistance with the application process and/or for reasonable accommodations, please contact Micron’s Human Resources Department at 1-800-336-8918 or 208-368-4748 and/or submit: Job Information Request Form to: TJA@micron.com.

Keywords: Boise || Idaho (US-ID) || United States (US) || Technology Development || Experienced || Regular || Engineering || Not Applicable ||

 It’s About Memory    http://www.micron.com/jobs

Today’s demanding applications require not just more memory, but new memory
innovatio...
