LyondellBasell (NYSE: LYB) is one of the world's largest plastics, chemical and refining companies and a member of the S&P 500. LyondellBasell (www.lyondellbasell.com) manufactures products at 55 sites in 17 countries. LyondellBasell products and technologies are used to make items that improve the quality of life for people around the world including; packaging, electronics, automotive parts, home furnishings, construction materials and biofuels. Basic Function RESPONSIBILITIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES: General Responsible for driving and coordinating process automation and reporting activity in BPO area. Stay up-to-date with RPA / AI technology, capabilities, business applications, process mining and be aware of innovations in this area. RPA Capture and manage all incoming RPA demand for BPO Organization Identify processes that are feasible for automation with recommendations for benefits and savings. Conduct RPA process assessments to determine potential processes to be automated and lead discovery and design workshops. Participate in benefits case / cost savings discussions Enable financial management and benefits tracking for identified automation opportunities Attend RPA governance meetings and complete assigned RPA trainings Process Mining Develop a standardized and automated way of reporting of how business processes are executed using process mining techniques Use process mining techniques and tools in order to find opportunities for standardization and automation and will work closely with the BPAs on developing reporting/dashboards utilizing this tool. Deliver reporting to Business Process Owners and other senior leaders on a regular basis and as requested. Find business optimization opportunities and discuss these with BPO stakeholders on a regular basis to come to savings plans/projects identified using process mining tools (like Celonis) PPI/KPI Reporting Develop business reporting that will identify standard versus non-standard process execution Setting up and maintaining KPI/PPI reporting for the BPOs and agree this with the stakeholders Automate business reporting to drive process compliance. Develop communication to support business process reporting and drive process compliance EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree in Business, IT or Management Master of Business Administration or Finance preferred LICENSES & CERTIFICATIONS: Process Re-engineering, Six Sigma or Lean Six Sigma experience very beneficial. CPA, CA, or equivalent preferred Certifications in any Robotics Process Automation tools preferred COMPUTER SKILLS: Strong computer skills and proficient in MS Office Suite including Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint Extensive user of SAP systems Strong RPA knowledge Strong Process Mining tool knowledge Dashboarding tool knowledge LANGUAGES: Strong verbal and written English skills required, additional European languages are desirable. LOCATION: Houston, TX, please know that relocation is not offered on this position. Roles & Responsibilities Min. Qualifications Preferred Qualifications Competencies Builds effective teams: Collaborates: Cultivates innovation: Customer focus: Demonstrates courage: Drives results: Ensures accountability: Instills trust and exemplifies integrity: Must be at least 18 years of age and must be legally authorized to work in the United States (US) on a permanent basis without visa sponsorship. LyondellBasell does not accept or retain unsolicited résumés or phone calls and/or respond to them or to any third party representing job seekers. LyondellBasell is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The US EEO is the Law poster is available here. Nearest Major Market: Houston
