Position: Data Scientist Location: New York, NY Are you looking for an opportunity to own the foundation for advanced analytics at a global company? Do you want to put your statistical, engineering, and scientific training to use? Apply for this Data Scientist position today! If these traits describe your work, this could be the job for you! You are excited to craft and deploy models that transform one of the most entrenched industries in the world. Work with data structures where off-the-shelf programs just won’t do it. You paint with plots and your models don’t keep secrets. NLP isn’t a foreign acronym and you’ve gone from strings to whiskers. You sail smooth in R and always have numPy, sciPy and scikit-learn on deck. K-means more than a curt text and Logit and Probit are not Hobbit characters. Your best friend is a banker and you want your neighbor to be an engineer. You’ve taken a Turing test and weren’t sure about the results. You have experience with relational databases such as PostgreSQL, Oracle or SQL Server, and maybe even Hadoop, Hive, Spark or Redshift. Job Duties: The roadmap of projects you’ll work on that tie directly to business goals and objectives. Manage the entire lifecycle of data projects from strategic planning to tactical activities (data collection, cleanup, analysis, model implementation). Sourcing new data for a firm that rarely scrapes, pulls or pushes. Facilitate communication throughout the development process between executive stakeholders, your customers (internal business unit leaders) and technical teams that are implementing/automating your work. Coordinate and build strong working relations with various internal stakeholder groups, including IT, engineering and legal. Qualifications: Data architecture and management (PostgreSQL, Hadoop, Oracle, Hive, Spark, Redshift and/or SQL Server) Machine Learning / AI (Decision trees, association rules, neural networks, inductive logic, clustering and classification, Bayesian networks, supervised or unsupervised learning) Statistical modeling (R, numPy, Julia, Matlab, Stata, SAS) Degree or certification in computer science, econometrics, statistics, mathematics or equivalent Why choose Addison Group IT? Pay: We negotiate high salaries using US Bureau of Labor Statistics Benefits & Bonuses: You are eligible for medical, dental, vision insurance benefits, 401K, and monetary bonuses Permanent Employment: Many of Addison’s IT job openings lead to potential permanent employment Connections: You connect directly with hiring managers from renowned organizations Options: You are presented multiple employment options near your home Professional Development: You are provided hiring process advice, resume revision, and employment term negotiation
