Description/Responsibilities


Responsible for the ongoing support of existing Data management solutions, as well as development of new functionality to include sophisticated data management solutions, to enable colleagues to support tactical and strategic decision making. Extracts, models, transforms, and loads data into databases required for Analytics and Reporting. Collaborates with EIS to deliver production ready data assets in support of DM delivery requirements.
Understands complex business requirements and translates into technical specifications.
Uses highest level of subject matter expertise to decide on data modeling, data sourcing, data quality, and DM delivery solutions.
Performs complex data analysis and system profiling to create clear data definitions.
Incorporates complex new data requirements and/or new applications into the warehouse environments.
Reengineer existing system and automate as needed.
Mentor or coach junior levels of developers.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education and related work experience
5 years of work experience as ETL/CUBE Developer
Work experience with multiple database platforms and DM delivery solutions
5 years of experience with ETL, data marts and cubes, implementing and supporting production environments.
5 years of experience designing, building and implementing data warehouse solutions with Microsoft technologies including SQL Server, SSIS, SSAS skill with MDX and DAX skill with tabular cube is a must.
Experience delivering DM solutions with an Agile DM delivery methodology
Experience in working with Healthcare data preferred
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience implementing and delivering solutions with Big Data platforms like Hadoop
Ability to communicate, present and interact comfortably with senior leadership
Demonstrated proficiency implementing self-service solutions to empower an organization to generate valuable actionable insights
Strong team player as well as an individual contributor as situation calls for.
Ability to understand information quickly, derive insight, synthesize information clearly and concisely, and devise solutions
Inclination to take initiative, set priorities, take ownership of assigned projects and initiatives, drive for results, and collaborate to achieve greatest value
Strong relationship-building and interpersonal skills
Demonstrated self-confidence, honesty and integrity
Ability to travel as business needs require (expected
5071

About Tivity Health

Tivity Health®, Inc. (tivityhealth.com) is a leading provider of health improvement, nutrition, fitness and social engagement solutions at scale to improve clinical outcomes, reduce healthcare costs and create opportunities to feel better, work better and live better. With decades of clinical and operational expertise, the company touches millions of consumers through its integrated portfolio of brands and works directly with hundreds of healthcare practitioners and many of the nation’s largest payers and employers. Tens of millions of Americans are currently eligible for Tivity Health’s SilverSneakers®, Prime® Fitness, WholeHealth Living™ and flip50™ programs and millions of people have lost weight with Nutrisystem®, South Beach Diet® and DNA BodyBlueprint™. As part of its commitment to tackling social isolation and loneliness, in 2017, Tivity Health launched a rural aging initiative to address challenges unique to older adults in rural communities.

Tivity Health is an equal employment opportunity employer and is committed to a proactive program of diversity development. Tivity Health will continue to recruit, hire, train, and promote into all job levels without regard to race, religion, gender, marital status, familial status, national origin, age, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, source of income, or veteran status.
