Job Title: Sr. Data Scientist Duration: Multi-Year (Long term) Contract Location: Baltimore, MD Position Description: Client is seeking a Data Scientist for a position in the Baltimore area. The selected candidate will compile data to address the most complex data concerns, as well as identify and network with appropriate internal sources to gather and/or exchange data on specialized matters. Other key responsibilities may include: Determine the nature of analytic problems, evaluate options, and offer recommendations for resolution; Advise on the methods and data needed and/or available to evaluate the (intelligence or data?) problem; Collaborate with data collectors and analysts to identify and close gaps on complex monitoring problems; Provide accurate, timely, complex and sophisticated data analysis; Determine and employ the most appropriate research design for data collection and analysis; Analyze, evaluate, and assess quantitative data (using statistical software, computer models, geospatial models, software languages, and mathematical models) to contribute to or develop software tools, analytic models, or reports. Skills Requirements: Required Skills: Ph.D. or Masters in a highly analytic field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, Data Science, etc. A documented minimum of 3 years' hands-on expert-level experience working with real world data sets in predictive modelling using a scripting language such as Python, MATLAB and/or R. Preference for Python, then R and then MATLAB. o Specifically, experience doing classification and regression with support vector machines, random forests, linear and non-linear regression, etc. on real world data. Expert knowledge in conducting data analysis and applying advanced statistical concepts and machine learning methods to build, train, test, and evaluate a variety of supervised and unsupervised analytic models. Ability to clean and process large amounts of real world data. Experience retrieving and manipulating data from a variety of data sources included Db2, Oracle, SQL Server, Hadoop and flat files. Experience with database management systems, e.g. MySQL, SQLite, SQL, etc. Either experience with, or the ability and willingness to learn distributed processing via the Hadoop ecosystem, i.e. Spark, Impala and Hive. Experience working in a Linux environment via terminal commands. Experience presenting data and results to both technical and non-technical audiences in a clear and effective manner. Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance. Desired Skills: An in-depth knowledge of Social Security Administration (SSA) protocols concerning death processing, debt management, data reporting, etc. Knowledge of and experience handling SSA master files and related data. Natural language processing experience. VBA scripting experience Experience using markup languages such as LaTeX, HTML, etc. Experience using Agile team development. Experience teaching and mentoring in any and all of the above Education: Masters in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, Mathematics or similar field of study. PhD preferred.
