Location: Houston, Texas Category: Information Technology Position at Tokio Marine HCC Tokio Marine HCC is a leading specialty insurance group with offices in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Continental Europe, transacting business in approximately 180 countries and underwriting more than 100 classes of specialty insurance. Tokio Marine HCC products and capabilities set the standard for the industry, and many of the Company's almost 3,000 employees are industry-leading experts. Are you currently seeking a challenging Data Scientist opportunity to help develop text analytics capabilities? At TMHCC , we have an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist in our corporate office in Houston, TX. In this role, you will be a key member of the actuarial team to provide analytical support for the various underwriting units including, but not limited to, pricing and claims support, budget support, and providing key statistics on results to underwriting units. The work will be technical and analytical. The individual will be doing predictive and data analytics. Performance Objective: Apply your expertise to prepare internal and external, structured and unstructured data Collaborate with the actuarial team to develop text analytics capabilities Design, build and validate models using simple and advanced modeling techniques to help business leaders quantify risks and make better decisions Support cross-functional teams to implement models Effectively collaborate with business stakeholders across the organization to understand business processes and problems to develop effective analytical solutions Develop monitoring solutions for business stakeholders after model implementations to monitor the accuracy of predictions, proper usage, and business impact Expectations: Within the first 30 days, become familiar with TMHCC's policies and procedures Within the first 60 days, take ownership to develop text analytics capabilities Qualifications: A successful candidate ideally will have a minimum of two years of relevant and progressive professional experience in data science Experience with Natural Language Processing (Text Analytics) Experience with Python or “R” or similar data analysis programming language Ability to handle sensitive and/or confidential material strictly in accordance with company policy and legal requirements Flexibility to work outside of normal business hours and a willingness to learn Sound analytical skills as well as problem-solving aptitude Must be an exceptional communicator and able to make connections across the organization Educational requirements: the ideal candidate will have a Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Actuarial Science, Mathematics, Statistics or related field, or the equivalent education and/or experience The Tokio Marine HCC Group of Companies offers a competitive salary and employee benefit package. We are a successful, dynamic organization experiencing rapid growth and are seeking energetic and confident individuals to join our team of professionals. The Tokio Marine HCC Group of Companies is an equal opportunity employer. Please visit www.tokiomarinehcc.com for more information about our companies. #CB PI107733371
