Company: AI/Data Science Location: New York City, NY Position:   Data Scientist/Machine Learning Engineer The Package:  Base, Bonus, Stock Options (current valuation of options to be offered  exceeds$100,000 Sizzle: Without a doubt you will have the opportunity to collaborate with top engineers in the AI and Machine Learning space; work in "google esq " environment and get compensated with a strong base salary, bonus, stock options, UNLIMITED time off, ability to work remote and great benefits The Company: Our client is a highly recognized leader in the AI driven RPA software space, an emerging form of business process automation technology based on the notion of software robots or artificial intelligence (AI) workers. Unlike traditional workflow automation tools RPA systems develop the action list by watching the user perform that task in the applications graphical user interface (GUI), and then perform the automation by repeating those tasks directly in the GUI. This can lower the barrier to use of automation in products that might not otherwise feature APIs for this purpose. RPA tools have strong technical similarities to graphical user interface testing tools. These tools also automate interactions with the GUI, and often do so by repeating a set of demonstration actions performed by a user. RPA tools differ from such systems including features that allow data to be handled in and between multiple applications, for instance, receiving email containing an invoice, extracting the data, and then typing that into a bookkeeping system The Role: The need is for multiple Data Scientists who also are versed in Machine Learning. You will interface extensively with Client, other software engineers, stakeholders and business sponsors while building and enhancing customized Client models put into production. The day to day can include the following as well: Design, develop and create machine learning models to deliver use case requirements. Use our Auto-Client framework and iteratively improve performance through new data representations, feature engineering and model optimization. Implement analytical models into production by collaborating with software developers and machine learning engineers. Communicate the analytic solution to stakeholders and provide improvements to client's operational systems. This position requires expertise in acquiring, processing, analyzing and modeling of information from massive amounts of structured and unstructured data. A track record of data-driven implementation and strong experimental design cannot be overemphasized. What You'll Need for Success: 1-3 years of experience using machine learning in an applied setting. Bachelor's or Master's in a related field such as CS, Machine Learning, Statistics, Physics Excellent programming skills in Java and Python The ability to think "out of the box” to combine multiple possibly unrelated solutions to solve a single complex problem
