Every day at Perspecta, we enable hundreds of thousands of people to take on our nation’s most important work.  We’re a company founded on a diverse set of capabilities and skills, bound together by a single promise: we never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges.  Our team of engineers, analysts, developers, investigators, integrators and architects work tirelessly to create innovative solutions.  We continually push ourselves—to respond, to adapt, to go further.  To look ahead to the changing landscape and develop new and innovative ways to serve our customers. Perspecta works with U.S. government customers in defense, intelligence, civilian, health care, and state and local markets. Our high-caliber employees are rewarded in many ways—not only through competitive salaries and benefits packages, but the opportunity to create a meaningful impact in jobs and on projects that matter.  Perspecta’s talented and robust workforce—14,000 strong—stands ready to welcome you to the team. Let’s make an impact together. Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories Responsibilities The TTO2 Enterprise Architecture and Standards team supports the Intelligence Community (IC) agency’s Systems Engineering organization in the development, integration and analysis of the Enterprise Architecture (EA), focusing on capability-based analysis at the system of system, end to end, and family of systems levels. In support of these efforts, a systems engineer is needed to provide data scientist type expertise to analyze and interpret complex digital data, such as the usage statistics of a website, especially in order to assist a business in its decision-making. This candidate will assess the data needs of the customer and provide methods and solutions to transform the data into a more usable format that will solve business-related problems using data-driven techniques.  This will hugely support this customer’s visualization efforts to display architecture data correlated with programmatic and requirements type data to drive decision making across the Enterprise.
