Immediate need for a sharp Data Scientist. These are long-term opportunities based in Stamford, CT and I’m working directly with the hiring manager who is moving forward immediately. If interested, please respond with the most current version of your resume referencing 19-01836 in the subject line. Per the manager’s request, please be advised that all candidates must furnish 2-3 professional references when submitted.   Key Responsibilities: Duration – 6 months. Will extend to 12 or go full-time 12 Data scientists on the team. Most of them are very savvy in the Math/Science space. Therefore, they need more business minded data science people. Most of their current team is Mid – Senior level. They're open to Junior people but they need to have some working experience. Most of the team right now is really heavy in the Data Engineering side. They need more analytical people, business minded, Business Analysts. Statistics and domain experience. They're not looking for someone that does coding, rather someone that's been around and understands it. Someone with a strategy consulting program. Statistics background, Modeling experience, and science approach/understanding to business. TOP 4: Modeling Statistics Business analysis SQL Query Nice to haves Cable Background Hadoop or other related technologies Pie Spark Regards, Mary Martini DIVERSANT LLC Recruiting Manager 61 Broadway Suite 1702 New York, NY 10006 mmartini@diversant.com   View all of our open job requirements on our home page http://www.diversant.com under *Job Search*. If you know any IT Professionals who are looking for new job opportunities, please pass along my contact information!   DIVERSANT (diversant.com) is one of the largest African-American owned IT staffing firms in the U.S. We offer rewarding career opportunities with many of the nation’s leading corporations. Our experienced recruiters understand what hiring managers look for in a candidate and provide our applicants with the proper support and guidance along the entire application and interviewing process. We offer opportunities on a contingent, contract-to-hire, and direct hire basis. At DIVERSANT, we are committed to providing the highest level of service and satisfaction to our customers, consultants, and employees.   DIVERSANT is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state and local fair employment practices laws.  DIVERSANT strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants and other covered persons on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, nationality, ethnicity, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, age, physical or mental disability or handicap, pregnancy, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local law.  
