Minimum Required Skills: Healthcare, Predictive Analytics, Data Modeling, Data Mining, Statistical Analysis, Data Science, SQL, Algorithms, Data Visualization If you are a Data Scientist, Healthcare with experience, please read on! We are a well-known and well-established SaaS company catering to a $3 trillion dollar industry! We've been in the game for the past 30 years, and are now looking to build out our healthcare and financial services team! We have an urgent need for a Senior Data Scientist with a healthcare background design and develop data-driven software solutions! If you're a Senior Data Scientist looking to have a positive impact on society, then please apply today! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1.Industry Stability 2.Talented technical team 3.Upward career growth What You Will Be Doing Responsible for leading the design and development of advanced analytics initiatives. You will be the subject matter expert and manage the predictive modeling, data mining, statistical analysis, AI projects and decision models to address business issues related to healthcare management and payment models. What You Need for this Position 5+ Years of professional experience and knowledge of: oMaster's degree in Data Science oHealthcare experience required oPredictive Analytics, Data Modeling, Data Mining oProficiency with SQL oAbility to build Algorithms from scratch What's In It for You EXCELLENT benefits Including: - Competitive salaries (DOE) - Company paid healthcare - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - 401(k) ** Partial Telecommute options!So, if you are a Data Scientist, Healthcare with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
