Read what people are saying about working here. 

Requisition Id : 115208

Additional Work Location(s) :

A Career at HARMAN

We are ONE HARMAN. We are greater than the sum of our divisions or brands. We proudly talk about our many iconic brands and describe how our technologies are transforming the car, the workplace and everywhere in between. We work hard. We create useful, playful, beautiful things. We strive for excellence and we aim to win as a team. No matter the position, every employee at HARMAN is expected to demonstrate our core competencies: leadership, change-orientation, collaboration, judgment and a results-driven mindset. At HARMAN, we expect brilliance. You can expect a career full of brilliant possibilities.

Position Summary:

Harman Professional Solutions is seeking a leading Data Scientist to assist in establishing the Division’s data science foundation for advanced analytics. This position will be the driving spear into the broad facets of the Professional Solutions value chain, advising division leaders on strategic-level decisions. This position will:

Partner with functional teams globally (finance, sales teams, logistics, demand-planning, others) to conceptualize business problems, and evolve them to effective solutions

Academically measure and analyze multi-functional, highly diverse datasets to identify key points of optimization, advise on areas of improvements, and drive informed decision-making

Standardize unstructured data for mass deployment via automated reporting

Develop data mining tools for deep, exploratory analytics

Establish a foundation for statistical predictive analytics

Supervisory Responsibilities:

There are no direct reports in this role.

Basic Qualifications:

Masters or PhD. in Statistics/Applied Math/Computer Science or related field

Minimum 3 years of experience leading data science projects in large-scale enterprise environments

Strong fluency in algorithms, data structures, experimental analysis, statistics, predictive modeling, & distributed systems (i.e. Hadoop and/or Apache Spark)

Programming skills in R, Python, and/or MATLAB for data import, cleansing, analysis and visualization to enable business insights

Expertise in both relational and non-relational databases such as SQL, Access, and others

Must be self-driven, intellectually curious, and capable of working autonomously

Be a skilled communicator, able to concisely articulate findings to senior leadership

Preferred:

Experience working with SAP systems, and business intelligence tools

Experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI, and/or Tableau big plus

Knowledge of Data Analysis Expressions (DAX)

Experience in Machine Learning and AI related project a big plus

Eligibility Requirements:

Willingness to travel up to 10-15% domestically and internationally as needed.

Willingness to work in an office in Northridge, CA.

Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen.

Any offer of employment for any position that requires use of a HARMAN or customer-owned vehicle is contingent upon the applicant having a clean driving record, which will be evaluated and determined in Harman’s sole discretion; however, applicants may have no more than 4 active points for moving violations (issued by any motor vehicle agency), and applicants must have no references to operating a vehicle under the influence of controlled substances within the last 10 years.

#LI-EC1

HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automation solutions; and services supporting the Internet of Things. With leading brands including AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon®, Mark Levinson® and Revel®, HARMAN is admired by audiophiles, musicians and the entertainment venues where they perform around the world. More than 25 million automobiles on the road today are equipped with HARMAN audio and connected car systems. Our software services power billions of mobile devices and systems that are connected, integrated and secure across all platforms, from work and home to car and mobile. HARMAN has a workforce of approximately 30,000 people across the Americas, Europe, and Asia. In March 2017, HARMAN became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. Looking for a challenge where your experience is valued? Come see what you can achieve as a leader with HARMAN! (www.harman.com)

 HARMAN (harman.com) designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, includin...
