5 years or more of experience. - Ability to have strong programming skills in Python and Java is a must. - Must be able to look at Data sets and models. - Must be able to present and feel comfortable talking in front of Executives and Stakeholders. - Must be able to build data models. - Strong at building strategy and provide recommendations and solutions to team - Able to translate technical information to non technical audience. Love to teach and coach. - Must be able to identify and explain business requirements to technical team. Responsibilities for Data Scientist Develop methods to create ongoing anomaly detection with click stream data. Develop methods to create propensity models with clickstream data. Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging clickstream data. Mine and analyze data from multiple sources including database and real time streaming. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Qualifications for Data Scientist Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, Java,etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. Experience working with and creating data architectures. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques(clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. We're looking for someone with 5-7+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a BS or higher in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools or their functional equivalent: o Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: Java, R, Python, SQL o Knowledge and experience in statistical and datamining techniques: Anomaly detection, propensity modeling, etc. o Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: Java, R, Python, SLQ, etc. o Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. o Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Business Objects, Tableau, D3, chart.js, etc. Binding Minds Inc. Binding Minds Inc. is a Women & Minority Owned Business providing Engineering and Technical Staff Augmentation. Headquartered in Hillsborough, New Jersey. We specialize in providing support for engineering and technical staffing when clients are go all out to locate and/or retain expert, hard-to-find talent, have an urgent need for a specific technical expertise or want to leverage our networks for short or long-term hiring initiatives. Binding Minds engineering and technical staffing experts are degreed engineers and/or 3+ years of experience in technical recruiting. www.binding-minds.com
