Maxar is seeking a seasoned Geospatial Data Specialist to join our team in Chantilly VA. This position will require an individual that not only can explore the Art of the Possible in Geospatial Technology but can also identify various technology and datasets that could be used for a seasoned team of Analysts/Developers. Success in the position will be creating a seem-less experience between finding/discovery and implementation with a mission throughout the customer space.

Life with Us

Project:
Were building a newly defined position on a team that has been in place with the customer over two decades. This project offers stability with the opportunity to explore, then educate the team which will then be spread enterprise-wide within the customer space.

Career:
Were very serious about professional development and continuing education. We offer everyone the opportunity to define their own career trajectory. Our group has some amazing resources at its disposal specifically for this purpose. You will work with your direct supervisor, and/or a mentor, to set appropriate goals and design a plan to help you make consistent progress.

We offer:
Dedicated professional development time; conference attendance; corporate partner and industry training; peer groups; paid certifications; education reimbursement; student loan forgiveness; pet insurance! And much more

Day-to-day with your colleagues:
Youll be spreading the good word of geospatial technology within a customer space that is mission-focused. The customer office is in charge of developing, deploying, and educating Enterprise-wide Geospatial Applications, Tools and Datasets. Exploration, showcasing the Art of the Possible is a must for this position. We are looking for both thinkers and doers!

Minimum Requirements
Must be a U.S. with a current/active TS/SCI clearance w/polygraph
Bachelor's degree in Geography or related field
8 years of relevant experience
Experience connecting Geospatial Technology to Mission
Strong interpersonal skills

Preferred Skills
Experience with some or all of the following software packages and technologies: Esri ArcMap, ArcPro, Insights, Google Earth, Amazon Web Service, WebAppBuilder, QGIS, OpenGeo, MapProxy, Geoserver and GeoWebCace.
Experience processing geospatial data including Georeferencing, orthorectifying and mosaicking imagery, reprojecting, routing.
Familiarity with aeronautical and nautical charts as well as terrain data.
Experience conducting training sessions.

#cjpost
