Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Office Media Group (OMG) has a simple vision – to empower a billion customers to achieve more with media. The team builds services, applications, and experiences that bring the power of media, including photos, video, and more to every customer of Office.

Within OMG, Microsoft Stream is a video streaming service being developed by a team of passionate and dedicated engineers who are working to build best-in-class video services for the enterprise. We do this by combining advanced video streaming technologies, like Azure Media Services, with cutting edge machine learning and AI technologies such as Azure Cognitive Services. It is also one of the fastest growing products within Office 365.

Do you like working with big data? Do you want to use data to influence product decisions for one of the fastest growing products in Office 365? If so, you should come join us and apply today!

Our data team works very closely with Product Managers, Design and Marketing to figure out ways to acquire new users, retain existing users and optimize user experience through large-scale data analysis and data science. In this role, you will see a direct link between your work, company growth, and user satisfaction.

Responsibilities

Work with stakeholders to formulate approaches to solve problems using algorithms and data sources in the context of customer, engineering and business needs

Collaborate with Program Managers, Engineering, Data and Marketing team to understand recommend where to invest resources that optimizes our funnel

Use data exploration techniques to discover new opportunities within problem area

Engage with stakeholders to produce clear, compelling, and actionable insights that influence product and service improvements that will impact millions of customers

Excellent communication skills, ability to present and write reports, strong team work preferred

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

2+ years experience in Python / R or other OOP language

2+ Years experience with writing SQL

 Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Preferred Qualifications:

BS/BA in the relevant technical field, Computer Science or Mathematics

Machine Learning, Data Science, and statistical modeling preferred

2+ years experience working with MapReduce or similar system

2+ Years experience with schema design and data modeling

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. OMG Team

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

 Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) is an American public multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, USA that devel...
