Ref ID: 00420-0010852658 Classification: Business Analyst Compensation: $120,000.00 to $170,000.00 per year We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our new predictive analysis team. As a top non-profit healthcare provider we want to develop new algorithms to address complicated business problems, such as risk prediction and stratification, provider benchmarking, program evaluations and ROI analysis. This positions will lead the development for our new models as well as provide proactive, consultative solutions related to population health and program evaluation and closely collaborate with partners and management. To be considered for this position you will need: ? Thorough knowledge of statistical software, such as SAS/R/Python. ? Working knowledge of provider analytics. ? Working knowledge of SQL and of data visualization tools, such as Tableau. ? Experience working on Artificial Intelligence projects. ? Healthcare Claims Knowledge ? Microsoft/BS Mathematics/Data/Computer Science/etc. Job Specific Knowledge: ? Thorough knowledge of and proficiency with Windows based PC systems and Microsoft Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Excel, as well as report-generating software; ? Thorough knowledge of program outcomes evaluation metrics, such as National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), Utilization Review Accreditation Commission (URAC), Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), and/or Leapfrog. ? Thorough knowledge of healthcare industry and healthcare information standards ? Thorough knowledge of health plan and delivery system operations, healthcare informatics, and healthcare benefits and terminology; ? Thorough knowledge of general health service research, outcomes reporting/analytics and program outcomes evaluation; ? Thorough knowledge of case mix and risk profiling, and health care delivery system processes; ? Thorough knowledge of descriptive statistical techniques and terminology; ? Thorough knowledge of business processes, including operations, delivery models and revenue models; ? Thorough knowledge of the peer review process and related standards and best practices; ? Working knowledge of a variety of quality initiative and cost reduction techniques applicable to multiple settings within the healthcare industry; ? Working knowledge of the tools and techniques used to perform analysis of large data sets; ? Working knowledge of the Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) tool; ? Working knowledge of Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) regulations; ? Ability to perform new product development from concept to final delivery; ? Ability to develop new algorithms and modify existing algorithms in order to solve business problems; ? Ability to identify and analyze database and data processing problems and recommend solutions; ? Ability to develop data-driven and outcome-based initiatives to improve business decision making; ? Ability to work collaboratively with individuals at all levels in a matrix organization while supporting multiple customers; ? Ability to lead project work teams and coach and mentor project team members; ? Ability to work collaboratively and productively with diverse project teams in order to achieve efficient and timely solutions; ? Ability to perform technical and non-technical troubleshooting and diagnose and resolve problems efficiently and effectively; ? Ability to collect, interpret and evaluate data and to project consequences of recommendations; ? Ability to translate data into understandable information and deliver solutions that improve
