Read what people are saying about working here. 

Are you passionate about cyber and security challenges in information technology, associated with threats and vulnerabilities? Are you a subject matter expert looking for an enriching experience to build your career and brand? If you are interested in a role that offers an opportunity to provide front line support to our clients instead of a “back office programmer” position then Deloitte’s Federal Cyber Risk team could be the place for you! Join our team of Cyber Risk professionals who collaborate with government agencies, IT professionals, and clients to support cyber security and risk consulting engagements.

Work you’ll do

As a Specialist Master within our Cyber Risk team, you will:

Work with Federal clients to mitigate cyber risk and threats

Organize and deliver services on a cross-section of projects

Maintain technical knowledge within industry and service line and leverage deep subject matter knowledge on engagements

Contribute to the development and cultivation of business and vendor relationships

Serve as a “Subject Matter Expert”, adding interpretive value to data presented or experienced insight into a functional process or issue

Display business judgment in anticipating client/project needs and developing alternative solutions

Identify opportunities for other Deloitte service offerings that can address client needs

Responsible for managing solutions, delegating resources, and helping to ensure quality assurance principles are met across projects and deliverables

Supervise the work of team members and supports delivery teams and staff

Actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities providing input and guidance into the staffing process

Integration with data analytics platforms including Apache Spark, Apache Hadoop

Analyzes, evaluates, and integrates data mining solutions to complex and diverse problem sets

Understands the data lifecycle – Has ability to analyze, model and interpret data

The Team

Transparency, innovation, collaboration, sustainability: these are the hallmark issues shaping Federal government initiatives today. Deloitte’s Federal practice is passionate about making an impact with lasting change. Carrying out missions in the Federal practice requires fresh thinking and a creative approach. We collaborate with teams from across our organization in order to bring the full breadth of Deloitte, its commercial and public sector expertise, to best support our clients. Our aspiration is to be the premier integrated solutions provider in helping to transform the Federal marketplace.

Our Federal Cyber Risk team is client focused and mission driven. Our team works across industries and sectors to respond more rapidly and effectively, providing recommendations to improve cyber threat detection.

Qualifications

Required:

Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Information Systems Security, Cybersecurity, or related field

2+ years of relevant consulting or industry experience

2+ years in a technical or functional lead role

Experience mentoring and coaching others

Proven leadership skills demonstrating strong judgment, problem-solving, and decision-making abilities

Experience managing senior-level client relationships

Experience presenting to clients or other decision makers to present and sell ideas to various audiences (technical and non-technical)

Pre-sales, proposal, and RFP experience

Must be able to obtain and maintain required clearance for this role

Preferred:

Previous Federal Consulting experience

Understanding of fundamental cloud computing concepts

Experience with Information Assurance concepts and processes within the Federal government

Knowledge of and experience with Federal security regulations, standards, and processes including FISMA, FIPS, NIST, and FedRAMP

Python, Linux, Jenkins, AWS, Big Data

How you’ll grow

At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.

Benefits

At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.

Deloitte’s culture

Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship

Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips

We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

 Think a Big Four career is nothing but spreadsheets, gray suits, and corporate profits? Look again. Deloitte employs more than 86,000 peo...
