Minimum Required Skills: Python, Mathematics, Quantitative Math, Desire To Learn, Complete Utilization of Python, Machine Learning If you are a Junior Data Scientist that has recently graduated or has working experience and loves Python and math, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Great compensation packages and benefits!! 2. Unlimited PTO!! 3. 401k and Full Medical Dental and Vision Coverage!! What You Will Be Doing - Aiding with the advancement and improvement of our state of the art and progressive analytical machine-learning based software that can absorb, construct and model massive amounts of data in various formats and from different sources. - Helping with the development of systems that can expand and maintain our software's competitive advantage - Training with our team to learn new technologies to grow with us What You Need for this Position College experience and knowledge of: - Python - Mathematics - Quantitative Math - Desire To Learn - Complete Utilization of Python Bonus Points for experience and knowledge of: - Machine Learning - Graduating from a Top Tier College What's In It for You - Unlimited Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - Relocation - 401kSo, if you are a Junior Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
