This team supports the organization in the development, integration and analysis of the Enterprise Architecture (EA), focusing on capability-based analysis at the system of system, end to end, and family of systems levels.

In support of these efforts, a systems engineer is needed to provide data scientist type expertise to analyze and interpret complex digital data, such as the usage statistics of a website, especially in order to assist a business in its decision-making.

This candidate will assess the data needs of the customer and provide methods and solutions to transform the data into a more usable format that will solve business-related problems using data-driven techniques. This will hugely support this customer’s visualization efforts to display architecture data correlated with programmatic and requirements type data to drive decision making across the Enterprise.

 Individual Capabilities/Experience Required:

Bachelor’s degree or advanced degree in computer science, information systems, engineering or other related discipline plus at least 20 years of systems engineering experience. A Master’s degree or PhD may be substituted for two years of experience. A high school diploma or GED plus 24 years of systems engineering experience would also be acceptable.

The candidate should have extensive experience several of the following areas:

Collecting large amounts of unruly data and transforming it into a more usable format.

Solving business-related problems using data-driven techniques.

Working with a variety of programming languages, including SAS, R and Python.

Having a solid grasp of statistics, including statistical tests and distributions.

Staying on top of analytical techniques such as machine learning, deep learning and text analytics.

Communicating and collaborating with both IT and business.

Looking for order and patterns in data, as well as spotting trends that can help a business’s bottom line.

Position requires TS/SCI clearance with polygraph

Individual Capabilities/Experience Desired:

Be an expert in their own field, and knowledgeable about other related areas.

Have a software engineering background.

Have a familiarity with data visualization tools like matplotlib, ggplot, d3.js and/or Tableau.

Be able to work with top-level government management and to work as a team member.

Possess strong in writing and communications skills.

INNOPLEX, LLC is a family-focused company that has been awarded numerous awards to include Top Ranked Benefits, Best Places to Work, and Best Government Contractor in Howard County! Established in 2005, we have over 90 employees with the majority having a rich military service history. Our employees are mostly located in the surrounding areas of Columbia, MD and Aberdeen, MD. INNOPLEX, LLC is a mission-focused company with a wide range of expertise to include RF SIGINT Solutions, Wireless Protocol Processing, Cyber, and Mission Critical IT Operations.

INNOPLEX, LLC is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 INNOPLEX is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) headquartered in Columbia, Maryland. We are currently delivering lea...
