Read what people are saying about working here. 

Give your career the best treatment.

Ready to be part of the first and largest pediatric hospital in Southern California? This is Children's Hospital Los Angeles. A place where you can make a real difference in the lives of our patients and their families. A big responsibility? Absolutely. But if you’re up for the challenge, we’re on the lookout for amazing professionals to join our elite teams – talented individuals who can continue our high level of care.

The Data Scientist conducts research in medical applications of data science by applying techniques and models from machine learning and computational statistics to large amounts of clinical data. In consultation with Lead Data Scientist, designs and executes research and development projects and experiments, utilizing advanced computational techniques to generate novel medical insights and to build clinical decision support systems.

Duties include data extraction, wrangling, and preparation; data visualization; design and implementation of statistical models and algorithms; and evaluation of models on real clinical data sets. Techniques of particular relevance include analysis of temporal data, Gaussian processes, deep learning, clustering, and supervised classification. Works with VPICU team members to produce manuscripts and presentations describing research results for publication in both medical and computer science venues. Facilitates communication between VPICU team and external collaborators; provides data in accordance with institutional agreements; and renders assistance in the execution of collaborative projects. Supporting internal and external collaborative projects outside of the scope of the VPICU.

Minimum Experience Required:

2 years experience conducting research in computer science, statistics, or algorithm development Publications are a plus

Minimum Education/Training Required:

M.S. in Computer Science, Statistics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, or related field. Ph.D. preferred. Graduate-level coursework in machine learning, data mining, visualization, statistics, artificial intelligence, probabilistic models, or optimization. Knowledge,

Skills and Abilities Required:

Strong skills with at least one modeling language (e.g., R, Python/NumPy/SciPy, Matlab)

Strong knowledge of probability, statistics, and machine learning

Excellent English communication skills, both written and spoken

Preferred skills and experience:

• Familiarity with software development practices (version control, unit testing) • Familiarity with modern relational databases (e.g., MySQL, SQL Server)

• Familiarity with clinical domain • Familiarity with information visualization concepts and tools
 Here at CHLA, we believe every child deserves to enjoy all those special moments that childhood has to offer, free from pain and sufferin...
