Read what people are saying about working here. 

Do you have a passion for testing out new techniques? Do you love developing proof-of-concepts with new analytical tools? If so, this is the right role for you. As Data & Analytics Innovation Principal Data Scientist you will work with a team of modelers and data scientists to identify innovative techniques and tools to accelerate insights delivery & value for our key strategic analytics use cases. You will stay abreast of industry trends & cutting edge use cases that will drive value for SunTrust. You will help build new capabilities (such as text analytics & machine learning) and partner with the enterprise data & analytics team to identify high value use cases to leverage those new capabilities. You will develop and manage a team of data scientists. You will help drive cross-functional collaboration across our data & analytics team, technology partners & business leaders. You will help identify areas for application of proven innovation POCs across the enterprise. You will help build a culture of innovative thinking & collaboration by sharing the Innovation team’s successes and failed POCs.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and 8 years of related experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

In-depth and broad knowledge within own professional discipline.

Ability to interpret internal and external business challenges and implement best practices to improve products, processes, or services.

Ability to lead projects of significant complexity and risk exposure.

Ability to exercise judgment in solving technical, operational, and organizational challenges.

Ability to manage a team, including identifying and recruiting talent, managing performance, and making decisions about resource allocation.

Ability to influence others to adopt a new perspective and handle interpersonal issues with tact and diplomacy.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience

Bachelor’s degree and 10 years of experience

4 - 7 years relevant experience in a Lead Analyst/Manager function

Graduate degree in Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Decision Sciences, Marketing Research or similar field or Bachelor’s degree with extensive relevant experience

Client-facing presentation experience required

Experience training and developing others required

Experience in an R&D or Lab with proven measurement a plus

Previous experience in banking industry

Skills

Thorough understanding of data science and data manipulation techniques

Desire to test & learn, experience working in an Agile environment/team

Experience with automating complex processes

Strong ability to interpret analytical results and transform into an executive ready deliverable

Equally comfortable presenting to a non-technical marketer or a statistician

Ability to juggle multiple projects & clients at a time

Experience managing technical projects with specialized team members

Proficient in Python, R, SQL, SAS

Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills required

Experience with Qlik and data visualization an advantage

Communication and Cognitive Abilities

Proactive problem-solving capabilities

Heavy attention to detail

Strong communication and presentation skills

Outstanding interpersonal skills

Energetic, can-do attitude

Patient and adaptable

Entrepreneurial and team-oriented spirit

Willingness to patiently mentor team members

Equal Opportunity Employer: SunTrust supports a diverse workforce and is a Drug Testing and Equal Opportunity Employer. SunTrust does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, creed, color, gender, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable laws.

To review the EEO Poster, copy and paste the following link into your browser: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf

 SunTrust Bank, Inc
