Formation provides personalization for the largest enterprise businesses in the world. We work with high volume data streams to deliver tailored experiences and orchestrate physical and digital exchanges into a seamless journey. Our Data Science Team is transforming the way people engage across multiple industries.

You'll collaborate closely with engineers and share responsibility throughout the product life-cycle. You'll work in small, self-sufficient teams with a common goal: deliver excellent data science solutions anchored in a culture of quality, delivery, and innovation.

As a Data Scientist at Formation you're capable of working in an agile data science environment to generate and test hypotheses quickly. You're also passionate about improving, optimizing, and developing new reinforcement learning (RL) strategies to enhance the value of our platform.

Key Responsibilities:
Apply RL and statistical analysis to complex, real-world problems through massive data sets
Independently design, test, and productionize RL-based experimentation to refine customer strategies
Collaborate with colleagues in product and customer success roles, sharing responsibility throughout the product life-cycle
Ability to explore an unfamiliar and large data sets with big data tools such as Hive or Spark
Present methodology and results to external stakeholders and Fortune 500 clients
Skills and Experience:
Minimum 2 years experience as a Data Scientist, prior software development experience is a plus
Master's or Ph.D. in a relevant technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics)
Prior experience with RL frameworks such as TensorFlow or Vowpal Wabbit, and Spark is a plus
Machine learning knowledge with a focus on contextual bandits, reinforcement learning, recommender systems, knowledge of common Data Science concepts related to e-commerce (e.g. lifetime value, net incremental revenue, churn) is a plus
Demonstrated ability to communicate and collaborate with peers
Demonstrated skills in result-driven problem solving
About Formation

Formation is the global leader in developing scalable solutions for individualized offers. We drive business results by building and deepening the relationship between big brands and their customers.

We use artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) algorithms to constantly analyze an audience and fine-tune offers. Our approach enables offers to become smarter and more effective with each customer interaction, resulting in a better experience.

Formation strongly believes differing perspectives + passionate discourse achieve the greatest outcomes. We give our whole selves and we are building a team we can learn from. We are committed to inclusion and diversity and we are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

Also, we are thrilled to be named one of the Top 50 startups by LinkedIn! Every member of our team makes Formation a special place to work and grow. Come join us and see for yourself!
