The Role At WeWork, data sits in the center of our business, providing insights into the effectiveness of our physical and digital product & features. We believe data brings everything together and it is the only way we make decisions. We are seeking Data Scientists to join the Data & Analytics organization and provide insights and recommendations to drive the strategic direction for WeWork-s technology teams. The Data & Analytics group performs a wide breadth of work: from analyzing space utilization via sensor data and member engagement via sentiment analysis, to optimizing our construction process and developing recommendation engines across our software products. The ideal person for this role is highly analytical, thinks about problems in a structured way, is passionate about generating hypotheses for business problems, and is excellent at delivering actionable insights and recommendations. Responsibilities Work with product, engineering, and other business leaders to find opportunities to improve and enhance our technology products Use statistical and inferential methods to derive insights from quantitative data Work with stakeholders to formulate quantitative and measurable objectives that have an impact on the business Formulate and refine questions, and explore data to discover meaningful relationships or insights Develop experimentation methodology; and launch, monitor, and evaluate experiments and A/B tests Requirements 3+ years of experience (5+ preferred) in quantitative analysis or data science Strong understanding of methods in statistical analysis (e.g., supervised machine learning methods, hypothesis testing, etc.) Strong problem solving skills, with experience breaking down a large problem into smaller, solvable components Strong skills in data extraction and transformation with SQL Strong skills in data exploration, analysis, and visualization with Python or R Experience with BI and data visualization tools like Looker, Chartio, or Tableau Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion Excellent written and verbal communication skills; with the ability to communicate the results of your work in meaningful ways Strong collaboration skills with both technical and non-technical groups Nice to Have Advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g., mathematics, computer science, physics, economics, engineering, operations research, quantitative social science). Experience in product analytics, user modeling or experimentation. WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal. We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings. Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 210 in just over eight years. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Category: Technology
