Read what people are saying about working here. Lumber Liquidators…A GREAT place to work! With more than 400 locations, Lumber Liquidators is North America’s largest specialty retailer of hardwood flooring. Our associates drive our success through a commitment to providing customers with the highest quality product at the lowest prices. Lumber Liquidators offers excellent career growth opportunities. We offer competitive pay rates and an outstanding benefits package which includes a low premium medical plan, paid holidays and paid time off, a 401(k) plan with an employer match that is immediately vested, and a casual work environment.

Job Summary: The Data Scientist is responsible for developing an analytics strategy, capabilities, and roadmap for the organization based on business needs and priorities. The ideal candidate will be intricately involved in running analytical experiments in a methodical manner, and will regularly evaluate alternate models via theoretical approaches. This is the perfect opportunity for the successful candidate to become a part of an innovative and energetic team that develops analysis tools which will influence both our products and clients. Data visualization and data engineering experience are critical, as well as an ability to present complex ideas and data in a digestible manner.

This individual is responsible for delivering tangible analytical capabilities to the organization. Individuals in this position perform data analysis based on market knowledge and business expertise. They identify patterns based on aggregate data to find risks or opportunities, as well as make performance change recommendations.

Job Title: Data Scientist

Department: Retail & Operations Support

Reports To: Vice President, Retail & Operations Support

Job Status: Exempt

Number of People Supervised: None

Primary Functions:

Aligns and directs the management, development, and integration of data analytics, business intelligence and technology necessary for supporting the strategies, objectives, and goals of the Customer Experience organization

Accountable for the overall management of analytic projects, including timeliness, quality and customer value.

Provides thought leadership and serves as a subject matter expert in the designing and recommending of appropriate approaches, methodology and technology in addressing key issues within the business.

Drives departmental culture and promotes evidence based decision-making, consumer-driven analytics, and technology solutions.

Research, develop and apply statistical modeling techniques for data analysis

Collaborate with cross-functional departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions

Provides thought leadership and execution around Omni-channel tracking and measurement, extending analytics, insights and revenue tracking from digital properties into our retail stores.

Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends

Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design

Own select ad hoc reporting, establish and track key KPIs and other pertinent metrics for use from the executive team - to teams running the business (primarily customer experience business owners).

Provides management visibility into data-driven insights that inform the business’s strategic direction and KPI’s.

Participates in the formulation of data-driven departmental/business decisions, and achieves the business’s overall objectives

Integrates work with other teams including IT, Finance, Operations, Pro-Sales, and Installations.

Drives value through analytics: sets measurable financial impact targets and holds the team accountable for achieving the results.

Responsible for day-to-day management of one or more direct reports, guiding their review and development.

Ensures strong operational processes are in place to deliver across all areas of responsibility.

Partner with key stakeholders across analytics, marketing, merchandising, store, customer care and development teams to drive strategy, propose new approaches to business problems and own solutions end-to-end.

Propose new approaches to problems, collect and analyze data and present research, findings, and recommendations to cross-functional teams, and oversee correct implementation of outcomes.

Stay ahead of current affairs within the data analytics space

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

Advanced knowledge of Excel, Access, and SAP

Moderate experience with advanced statistical scripting languages (R, Python, etc.)

Advanced knowledge of database design and querying

Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI is beneficial

POS experience a plus

Education:

Bachelor’s degree in business related field, MBA preferred

Related Experience, Qualifications and/or Certifications:

5-8+ years of data management, analytics, and reporting experience in a high volume B2C and B2B environment

3+ years related retail experience (multi-channel)

Ability to communicate complex analytical concepts with confidence to a non-technical executive audience.

Experience implementing/using analytics programs, including integrating with work of other teams to ensure analytics approach is aligned with business strategy, technology and available data.

A proven record of accomplishment of solving business problems through analytics.

Excellent written, verbal and negotiation skills; effectively communicate with a diverse workforce and customer base.

 Lumber Liquidators (NYSE: LL) began in 1993 when Tom Sullivan, a building contractor, began purchasing excess wood that other companies d...
