Grainger is a broad line, business-to-business distributor of maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) supplies and other related products and services. More than 3.2 million businesses and institutions worldwide rely on Grainger for products such as safety gloves, ladders, motors and janitorial supplies, along with services like inventory management and technical support. These customers represent a broad collection of industries including commercial, government, healthcare and manufacturing. They place orders online, on mobile devices, through sales representatives, over the phone and at local branches. Approximately 5,000 suppliers provide Grainger with more than 1.6 million products stocked in Grainger’s distribution centers and branches worldwide. Primary Function Data Science application areas span across Recommender Systems, Inventory optimization Solutions, Search etc. Projects often encompass research, problem solving, model development, testing, scaling and implementing in production. Sr. Data Scientists help develop dynamic solutions using statistical, machine learning and deep learning methodologies. They are responsible for conceptualizing, developing and deploying data science solutions across multiple business areas and are expected to lead one of the work streams in a project with minimal supervision. Primary Duties and Responsibilities •             Participate in end to end data science project lifecycle – data mining and exploration, model development and evaluation, solution deployment in production, measurement and tracking; •             Use machine learning, deep learning and statistical analytical techniques to create scalable solutions for business problems; •             Conduct analysis of text data to understand the relationship between Grainger’s product assortment and user search queries, industries, and job functions; •             Transform data into actionable insights and recommendations, and present clear and concise results; •             Collaborate with cross-functional teams and communicate results and ideas to key decision makers; •             Design, validate and evaluate solutions using R, Python, SQL and other programming tools Preferred Education & Experience •             Masters’ / PhD degree in a technical / quantitative field required (data science, computer sciences, statistics, mathematics etc.) •             3+ years of relevant work experience •             Expert level usage of SQL •             Advanced skills to work with large, complex, and disparate data (accessing, connecting, and analyzing) •             Demonstrable proficiency in coding (Python, R, Spark, Scala) and programming concepts •             Ability to build, test, and validate machine learning and deep learning applications including but not limited to, Regression, Classification, Decision Trees, Bayesian, Clustering, CNN, LSTM, Text Mining etc. •             Experience in working with version control tools like github / bitbucket and writing shell scripts •             Experience TensorFlow, Keras or similar tools preferred •             Experience with recommender systems is a plus •             Ability to mine and explore data to derive insights and business value from data •             Strong analytical and problem-solving skills •             Ability to handle multiple priorities against deadlines •             Curiosity, enthusiasm, positive attitude and passion to build. Willingness to learn and research new concepts •             Excellent written and verbal communication skills •             Team player EEOC Statement Grainger is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
