Kelly IT is recruiting for a Data Scientist (Full-Time / Direct-Hire) Opportunity with a growing and dynamic company located in Green Bay, WI!  Please Note: This position allows you to work remotely from home!    Requirements & Qualifications: Master’s Degree plus a minimum of six years of relevant work experience. Experience with machine learning software (e.g., R, Python, SPSS, SAS), data access/manipulation (e.g., SQL, pandas, dplyr) and NoSQL databases (e.g., MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase) required; experience with cloud computation (AWS, Azure) highly desired. Experience with freight brokerage or pricing. We treat our customers, associates, shareholders and suppliers with honesty, dignity and respect. We are a desirable employer due to our commitment to achieving mutually beneficial, lasting relationships. We are a responsible member of the community.   If you meet the qualifications please send your resume directly to: [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] or, if you know of anyone who meets these qualifications and would like to take advantage of this great opportunity, please refer them to us! Why Kelly®? With Kelly, you’ll have direct connections to leading IT organizations in the best companies around the globe—offering you the chance to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative and high- visibility projects. In a field where change is the only constant, our connections and opportunities will help you take your career exactly where you want to go. We work with 95 of the Fortune 100™ companies, and more than 3,000 IT hiring managers turn to us each year to access the best talent: people like you. Last year we found 8,000 opportunities for IT professionals. Let us help advance your career today. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world and have a role in connecting thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners. Revenue in 2017 was $5.4 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
