At Edward Jones, we help clients achieve their serious, long-term financial goals by understanding their needs and implementing tailored solutions. To ensure a personal client experience, we have located our 14,000+ branch offices where our more than 7 million clients live and work. A typical branch office has one financial advisor who meets with clients face-to-face and one branch office administrator who enhances the team's ability to build deep relationships with clients. Headquarters associates in St. Louis and Tempe provide support and expertise to help U.S. and Canada branch teams deliver an ideal client experience. Edward Jones currently has more branch offices than any other financial services firm, and we continue to grow to meet the needs of long-term individual investors. Data Science Do you see analytics as an indispensable partner in designing new approaches to solve complex problems? Do you aspire to work in an organization that emphasizes the value of analytics? Join us and together we will drive the future of wealth management. Our mission is to lead the firm in realizing the full potential of data-driven insights for the benefit of clients, branches and the firm. Your Talent. Our Mission. At Edward Jones, it is a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we are creating greater value for our 7-million plus serious, long-term individual investor clients. The data science team is designed to drive business insights and decisions through advanced analytics. This team is expected to work across all areas of the business by providing models to help optimize decision making across the organization. Senior Data Scientist The Senior Data Scientist is responsible for the design and development of complex mathematical methods and statistical models in support of data driven strategies.  The role requires the ability to leverage data from multiple sources to develop innovative solutions to business problems.  An ideal candidate must be able to work closely with business partners to develop tailored analytic solutions.  A senior data scientist will be responsible for guiding projects from design through implementation and final delivery to internal business partners. Key Responsibilities: Define data needs and evaluate data quality for applicability to posed problems Use statistical modeling, machine learning and numerical optimization to discover and leverage patterns in data using...[Time Series Analysis, Classification Algorithms, Clustering, Regressions, Recommender Systems, Linear/Nonlinear Optimization, Monte-Carlo simulation, text mining, natural language processing] Ability to create features and develop models beyond standard toolset libraries to meet unique business challenges Interpret and communicate findings and insights from the data to business partners Position Qualifications: Master of Science Degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Industrial Engineering, Computer Science or related field required. PhD in Statistics desired 7+ years professional experience with predictive statistical models or numerical optimization, and working with typical data used in such analyses Proficient in one or more programming  languages (Python, R, Scala) Comfortable manipulating data in one or more of (SQL, Hive, Impala, Pig, Spark) Ability to translate data into meaningful value propositions for business partners in order to facilitate understanding.  Provide accurate and actionable business intelligence reporting Persons requiring sponsorship for an employment visa are ineligible for this position
