Job Description and Responsibilities                                     Interactive Brokers Group seeks a skilled Senior Data Scientist with the following qualities:                                
           Experience working for Facebook, Amazon, LinkedIn or Google required                  
           Problem solver with a track record of addressing root-cause issues                  
           Big picture thinking combined with an exacting attention to detail                  
           Self-motivated and directed fast learner                  
           Ability to partner with business and technical groups in a cross-functional capacity                                            As a Senior Data Scientist, your responsibilities include but are not limited to:                                
           Using available data to address business questions or concerns. If a question requires additional data, work with engineers to create the required data.                  
           Serving as a resource for senior business (internal) customers, educate the firm on methodologies and define firm data requirements.                  
           Using data to develop and present recommendations on improving advertising ROI, measuring client profitability or answering business questions on optimizing marketing spend.                  
           Use data mining, model building or other analytical techniques to develop and maintain client segments.                  
           Help IBKR quantify the client lifecycle, and identify predictive factors for acquisition, retention and turnover.                  
           Lead the definition and implementation of ads quality metrics and user experience metrics.                  
           Other responsibilities, as requested.                           Qualifications                                     Minimum Qualifications                                            Degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics, computer science, applied mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering) or equivalent experience.                              3+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modeling                              Experience extracting and manipulating large datasets                              Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)                              Knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g., SciKit Learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB)                              Highly proficient in spoken and written English                                                     Preferred Qualifications                                            2+ years experience working with ad monetization, quality and delivery                                            Knowledge of financial instruments is a plus                           Company Overview                          Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IEX: IBKR); is a direct access electronic broker catering to the needs of professional and frequent traders, institutional investors, financial advisors, and introducing brokers. Our clients have access to more than 120 market centers in 31 countries from a single account. We are the lowest cost provider of brokerage services and the largest U.S. electronic broker based on daily average revenue trades executing 797,000 trades per day.[1] Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools.                                 [1]Figures as of September 30, 2018.                  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Greenwich, CT 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1878
