Read what people are saying about working here. Purpose of Job We are currently seeking talented Data Scientist Senior for our San Antonio, TX facility or Remote.

Data Scientist Senior on the Channel Research and Advanced Methods (C-RAM) team at USAA that conducts research, develops machine learning/deep learning models, and applies advanced analytical methods to enable faster high-quality decision making and enhanced operational efficiencies in Contact Center operations. Serve as a Data Science Advisor to executives and their business units to assist with identifying data science/modeling opportunities and solutions. Conduct innovative research, wrangle with very large structured and unstructured data sets, collaborate with other data scientists, and partner with IT implementation teams to develop and deploy machine learning/deep learning models into a production environment. Present technical concepts and analytical results to non-technical audiences to ensure understanding and appreciation of each technology’s ability to deliver value and create competitive advantage.

Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; Builds analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees.

Job Requirements

Partners with business leaders across the organization to define business problems and research questions; Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on cross functional, matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization.

Builds large and complex information sets; Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions.

Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives.

Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation.

Works with IT to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features.

Builds and maintains a robust library of reusable algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data, are transparently conducted, are able to be productionized and are reproducible.

Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions.

Maintains academic and industry relationships for the purposes of research; Maintains expertise and awareness of cutting edge techniques, technologies and potential business solutions.

Minimum Requirements

Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field OR 6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.

6 or more years in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science

Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis)

Solid experience in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C or more or more) and one dynamic scripting language (Python, PERL, Ruby)

Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred

Experience with delivering value through supervised and unsupervised modeling methods, such as topic modeling (LDA, NMF), RNNs, LSTM, Word2Vec, etc., for text analytics, event detection, pattern recognition, and/or causal analysis

Experience with cloud computing platforms and leveraging their advantages of built in ML/AI libraries

Advanced knowledge of data science tools including Python, SAS, R, Pandas, Keras, PySpark, etc.

Demonstrated experience with data wrangling on very large structured and unstructured data sets

Experience with streaming data platforms and API development for consumption (Kafka, Pulsar, Beam)

Experience conducting innovative research and developing and implementing machine learning/deep learning models into a production environment

Demonstrated experience working on a data science team and collaborating with groups to identify modeling gaps and solutions

Demonstrated ability to communicate technical concepts and analytical results to non-technical audiences

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 02/24/19 by 11:59 pm CST time. USAA is a diversified financial services group that provides insurance, banking, investments, retirement products and advice to the milit...
