Read what people are saying about working here. 

If you are curious, passionate about programming and building solutions, have a strong technical background, looks at problems in creative ways, enjoys sharing information, have high-energy, and are enjoyable to work with, apply today!

Data Scientist

Grade 10

Department

Consumer Banking Division Data & Analytics (Honolulu, HI)

Hours

Monday-Friday 8:00am-5:00pm (hours my vary)

Description

Assists management in office automation and information and reporting processes and systems as they relate to the functions of the Consumer Banking Division to improve the speed, accuracy, controls, and auditability of the product. Works closely with or on teams within the division to become acquainted with procedures and regulations specific to the product and systems. Writes code in language optimal for particular task or system with bias for higher-level, common languages and tools such as Python, LaTeX, Oracle SQL, SQL Server, JavaScript, R, C#, SQL, HTML, APIs, dashboards, etc. Atomizes tasks and corresponding code, as well as produces descriptive pseudo-code and helpful overview documentation, to ensure easy troubleshooting and maintainability.

Qualifications

3+ years of experience in industry or academia required

Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline such as statistics, mathematics, computer science, actuarial science, physics, quantitative finance, etc. and/or equivalent work experience required

Knowledge in banking industry highly desirable

Experience completing projects from inception to delivery

Experience improving work-products such as code from others

Experience programming in presentation languages such as LaTeX, HTML, and JavaScript

Advanced use of SQL

Knowledge of other programming languages

Advanced expertise in databases and in working with large datasets

Knowledge of financial services. Knowledge of Enterprise Technology structures and functions

 First Hawaiian Bank is the oldest and largest bank on the archipelago. It is a subsidiary of BancWest, which in turn is owned by French b...
