  Soaren Management provides customer-centric alternative lending solutions in consumer and commercial markets via proprietary underwriting and loan management systems. With multiple verticals in the financial services industry, Soaren excels in customized portfolio management, software development, customer service telecommunications, automated application processing, and asset recovery. In short, we are a fintech company that helps lenders service short-term loans. To be able to underwrite and manage all these loans, we’ve built some pretty slick proprietary software platforms, and we want to build more. That’s where you come in.   Summary: We’re currently looking for an experienced Data Scientist with deep technical and statistical knowledge and a proven track record to drive business value using advanced machine learning techniques. This position will work closely with the CIO and collaborate with other departments within the organization to execute a variety of analytical projects. Responsibilities: You will regularly engage with business teams to understand their needs and then operationalise frameworks for deploying Machine Learning models to address those needs Rigorously test algorithms to continually improve them and deliver significant value for the business in underwriting and operational efficiency. Write, debug and compile code in a Machine Learning environment Investigate and understand complex operational and system processes and utilize data analysis to identify opportunities for improvement.   Required Minimum Qualifications, Skills and Experience:   PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field. 5+ years of experience as a data scientist. Strong written and verbal communication skills Proven experience solving complex business problems using Machine Learning techniques like Regression, Classification, Supervised or Unsupervised Recommenders, etc. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python,SQL,PHP, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.   COMPENSATION & BENEFITS   Very competitive compensation package Company-sponsored medical/dental/vision/life insurance/AD&D Company-matching 401k Paid Time Off Long-term career growth Corporate Perks Program A nimble and progressive executive team A fun, casual work environment that encourages innovative thinkers A modern workplace with additional company benefits: monthly happy hours, annual company outings, free office beverages, snacks, and staff events   EEO Policy   Soaren Management, LLC provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
