Lead Data Scientist Farm Bureau Financial Services is seeking an innovative and motivated professional to join a collaborative team that uses predictive modeling and data analytics to target marketing and sales initiatives, measure results and inform decision making and strategy. In this role, you'll plan and execute the complete analytics life cycle of client, prospect and distribution engagements focused on Big Data and Advanced Business Analytics, particularly with advanced statistical modeling techniques such as next-best-offer, marketing attribution, retention and sales forecasting and agent compensation. If you have a passion for mining data for actionable insights to be used in driving business success, this may be for you! What You'll Do: Analysis/Model Development/Presenting - Plan and execute the complete analytics life cycle for analytics and modeling projects. Oversee and participate in the collection, management, and analysis of internal data to support database, data analysis and modeling initiatives. Develop analyses and predictive models and forecasts utilizing multivariate analysis of independent variables, variable reduction of datasets with hundreds of variables, and interaction detection. Responsible for presenting findings to technical and nontechnical colleagues at all levels and assist in implementing model/analysis results in ongoing business processes. Build, implement and maintain models: Likelihood predictive models for marketing campaigns and sales efforts, including optimization for next-best-offer Attribution model for multiple marketing channels and customer/prospect contacts Forecasting models for customer retention, cross-sell, sales and distribution focused efforts High-level modeling and analysis related to agent compensation Leverage big data mining and analysis to provide business, customer and distribution insight to maximize return on investments, revenue and profitability. Process Improvement - Lead the process improvement segment by identifying, defining, and implementing new process improvement opportunities. Project Management - Lead the progress of on-going complex research studies and analyses being conducted either internally or by external resources, and coordinate study logistics. Ensure full and clear documentation of all processes and meet established deadlines Lead and mentor less experienced Data Analytics Analysts and Data Scientists. Training/Development - Broaden experience and understanding with procedures and types of studies routinely conducted by Department. Increase independence in study design and execution. What It Takes to Join Our Team: College degree (Statistics, Mathematics, Actuarial Science, Finance, Economics, or Business) or equivalent plus seven years relevant experience required. Master's Degree preferred Excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills. Experience in designing and utilizing statistical modeling techniques Experience in data mining using analytical tools such as SQL, SAS, R, Python or equivalent Experience with relational databases with ability to merge and analyze data from various sources and of differing formats Ability to manage a variety of projects and tasks simultaneously and deliver solutions on time and within requirements Personal computer proficiency including working knowledge of Microsoft Office tools Ability to read, write and speak the English language
