What You'll Do

You will have a multi-faceted role, which covers the full product development cycle:

You will research, build, and deploy scalable models based on machine learning, artificial intelligence and statistics

Starting from real and impactful use cases, you will explore large datasets to explore descriptive and inferential statistical properties of data.

You love playing with data and finding patterns that tell excellent data-stories.

You will build insightful and scalable machine learning tools that helps to analyze model features, perform feature selection and interpret model results.

Using a large collection of customer datasets, you will evaluate the performance of your models on the product performance and acceptance.

You thrive in dynamic environments that require a rare blend of innovation and speed of execution.

You pride yourself on your communication and interpersonal skills, a keen eye for extracting signal in the data and telling excellent data-stories.

You have an ability to autonomously plan and organize your work assignments based on the objectives of the team.

Collaborating with a global team of cloud, network and software engineers, you will integrate the algorithms into the production codebase.

Who You'll Work With

Our team is made of engineers with a very diverse skillset united by their passion for innovation and the excitement of turning wildly disruptive ideas into products that impact the industry at large. We are building Cisco’s next-generation technological innovation by combining machine learning and distributed software with networking technologies.

We love designing and implementing large-scale machine learning pipelines. Our technology stack includes Python, Scala, Go as well as a wide range of internal tools built on top of Apache Spark, TensorFlow, PostgreSQL and the Hadoop ecosystem.

Who You Are

An agile, pragmatic and hardworking engineer with hands-on experience in applied statistics, data science, machine learning, software engineering, you love technology, innovation and building products at scale.

You hold a Ph.D. (preferred) or M.S. in computer science or a related field, with focus on machine learning or data science. You have at least 3 years of experience in the industry and in production environments. You can demonstrate a track record in the following areas:

Machine learning, especially in the context of real use-cases or commercial products.

Python programming, with an extensive knowledge of data processing and ML libraries such as Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow, Keras, etc.

Distributed data processing using Apache Spark, Apache Hadoop, etc. Experience with popular cloud provider environments (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google cloud) is preferred.

Software development methodologies and tools (unit and system testing, code reviews, Git).

Excellent English spoken and written skills (C1 level) are a requirement.

Why Cisco

At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.

Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.

We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.

We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.

We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.

Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco

Please note this posting is to advertise potential job opportunities. This exact role may not be open today, but could open in the near future. When you apply, a Cisco representative may contact you directly if a relevant position opens.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
