Minimum Required Skills: Data Scientist, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Python, Computer Vision, Tensorflow, SQL, AWS If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Based in San Francisco, we are a thriving leader in the fashion industry. 2. Our company has been around for 7 years and we employ thousands of people. 3. You will get the chance to work on exciting projects with a talented team. What You Will Be Doing - Design and test machine learning models to create highly accurate systems used in operations - Write production quality code - Take ownership of key components, ensuring that they meet the needs of the business. - Collaborate with senior management, product management, and other engineers in the development of product requirements for the company's software - Mentor team members to build the company's overall expertise What You Need for this Position - A quantitative degree - 2+ years experience with machine learning with heavy focus on CNN & RNN/LSTM architectures - 2+ years experience with github, working with cloud systems application hosting, file storage, etc. - Fluency in Python & SQL High degree of familiarity with: - TensorFlow/Keras & Sklearn - Computer Vision & Sequence Models - Data warehouses such as AWS Redshift or Google BigQuery NICE TO HAVE: - E-commerce experience - Startup experience - Experience writing APIs for use in production - Recommendation engine experience - Pricing experience - Image similarity experience - Personalization experience What's In It for You - Competitive base salary - 401K matching - Health, dental and vision insurance - Commuter flex spending - Healthcare flex spending - Generous PTO - A mother's room - Flexible work hours - Friday bagelsSo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
