RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client in search of a Data Scientist in Bethesda, Maryland (MD). Summary: Are you passionate about the power of big data, AI and machine learning to drive customer value? Do you enjoy maneuvering complex data sets to build elegant machine learning models? Do you go beyond building models to ensure they are actionable? Do you list Python or R as one of the languages you speak? This role entails outstanding business to technical translation, structured yet creative thinking, cross-functional collaboration, hands-on model development and operationalization. This role is part of a highly visible team that is tasked with growth acceleration and reinventing customer experience. What you will do: * Develop and evolve applications of advanced analytics and predictive modeling by incessantly bringing external best practices and trends into an existing team of data-savvy analysts * Evangelize adoption of advanced analytics and pervasive data-driven thinking in the company culture * Work effectively with stakeholders to understand ambiguous business problems, assess data needs, develop/maintain best suited models and help/strategize deploying them in production REQUIREMENTS: * Master of Science from an accredited university in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, Economics, Statistics, Operations Research, Engineering or other quantitative discipline * 5 years of experience as a quantitative Data Analyst/Data Scientist or a related role with domain knowledge in customer and marketing. Proven track record of developing, scaling and implementing statistical models in customer facing environments * Strong programming skills: Python, R along with stellar visualization and persuasive story telling Tools knowledge you need: * SQL * Spark * Kafka * Git * AWS Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
