Our client is a B2C CRM that helps you better understand, segment and engage with customers in a more personalized way. Quite simply, no other B2C marketing platform empowers marketers to grow revenue from existing customers like our client does. They are flexible enough to supercharge your existing marketing stack or act as a standalone platform. They empower marketers with ownership of customer data and analytics, freeing them from dependence on IT. Responsibilities: You will be part of a fast-moving team that drives data-centric ideas from ideation to prototype to production deployment. You will interact with customers to understand their challenges and see the world through their eyes so that your solutions are on-point and impactful. You will take a concept, grab a representative dataset from the warehouse, look for correlations, design a model, evaluate its results, explain why it did or didn’t work, iterate with our product team to make those results actionable for our customers, and then iterate with our engineering team to make it real. Requirements: Creatively Flexible: You’ll get excited about a great idea today and then need to kill it off in support of something better tomorrow. Technically Flexible: Our core stack for doing exploration and early prototyping includes faithfuls such as SQL, Jupyter, Python, Pandas, Scipy, and Tensorflow but to take that prototype to production you’ll also be fluent in technologies including Rails, Docker, JS, and D3. Curiosity Driven: You’ll be asking data great questions and then being suspicious of its answers. You’ll be asking people great questions and then carefully considering the presuppositions behind those answers. Compassionately Honest: Some ideas aren’t possible. Some plans don’t pan out. Sometimes the data says things we don’t want to hear. You’ll be able to handle these situations with integrity and humility. Benefits: Unlimited vacation policy Flexible work environment (ability to work from home) 401k Employer MatchCompany equity - you have a stake in what we’re doing Stocked beer fridge Sweet swag On and off-site company events Daily exposure to the executive/management team Unlimited caffeine, snacks, and bubbles  
