TACG is a driven Alaskan Native 8(a) professional consulting firm, that focuses on employee growth in collaboration with client delivery. Our portfolio ranges from support work with Health and Human Services to highly skilled Defense consulting. We have recently been awarded as one of INC.5000's fastest growing companies and received multiple best places to work awards. How can you help shape TACG?
Position Summary:

TACG is looking for a Data Scientist to support the business in defining information/data requirements to allow for the design, development, testing/evaluation, implementation and sustainment of critical business applications and IT capabilities. The Data Scientist will provide technical expertise in Business Intelligence (BI) tools and programming languages to support data analytics, data visualizations, and predictive analysis.

Responsibilities:
Applies analytic methodologies and principles to address client needs.
Applies analytic techniques in the evaluation of project objectives and contributes to the implementation of strategic direction.
Performs analyst functions including data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Performs data collection, interviewing, data cleansing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Experience:
Excellent analytical skills
Experience using SQL, Python, and R languages for statistical analysis
Experience using Tableau Desktop, Prep Builder and Reader for the generation, sustainment and viewing of data visualization dashboards
Experience in ETL, specifically with data resident on SharePoint
3 years of experience with a Bachelor's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering; or, 1 year of experience with a Master's Degree in computer science, information systems management, mathematics, operations research, statistics, or engineering.
Education & Certification Requirements:
Four year degree or a Master's Degree in Computer Science, Business, Management or related field
Preferred Skills:
Creative thinker
Strong communication skills
Proficient in MS Office suite of tools, specifically MS Excel.
Excellent team skills.
Experience or understanding of AF or DoD processes, data and systems
Disclaimer:
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

Work Environment:
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions
All work will be performed in an office environment.
Physical Requirements:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The employee is frequently required to talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk; reach with hands and arms to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision.
Citizenship: United States
Security Clearance: NACI background will be required
Percent of Travel Required: Up to 10%
FLSA Status: Full-time, Exempt
Benefits:
We understand that our employees make us the great company we are, so we want to give back as much as possible. Whether it's our flexible wellness program that gives you the power to do what makes you happy or focusing on career development utilizing our tuition reimbursement, we're sure to have every benefit you're looking for, to also include; matching 401(k), Medical, Vision, and Dental Coverage and much more!

TACG is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
