Read what people are saying about working here. 

Reporting to the Research Director, the Data Scientist for Wharton People Analytics (WPA) will work across WPA research streams to manage all core data analytic functions related to the design and execution of research projects. The Data Scientist is expected to bring extensive technical data analytics experience and expertise, strong communication skills, subject matter familiarity, and a collaborative spirit to bear on the advancement of WPA’s strategic goals and research agenda. The Data Scientist will be the resident data expert and as such will provide reporting, visualization, and decision-support consultation across the team. The Data Scientist is expected to be passionate about data analysis and creative in the application of the various tools and techniques of the trade in order to uncover new ways of looking at data. The Data Scientist will be rigorous about using metrics to test the underlying assumptions in their models on a regular basis. The Data Scientist must have an interest in exploring how to use people data to solve problems around management and human resources issues, be curious and thoughtful about how to model human phenomena, and an ongoing desire to learn across data platforms.

Qualifications

A Master’s Degree or more and 4 – 5 years of experience using data analysis tools and databases or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Advanced knowledge of Excel required. Demonstrated proficiency with statistical packages (Stata, SAS, and R, etc) required. Experience with statistical modeling required. Experience with reporting and data visualization tools required. Familiarity with optimization routines a plus. Familiarity with database design and management a plus (SQL Server/MySQL/etc). Experience working with unstructured data a plus.

Demonstrated expertise in data analysis, process redesign, systems analysis and design and the ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies. Experience with optimization tools and advanced statistical models a plus.

Affirmative Action Statement

Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

 The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and inno...
