Read what people are saying about working here. Big dreams often start small. From an idea in a London pub, we have grown into a global cloud enabler which operates across 7 countries and speak over 30 languages.

Our purpose at Cloudreach is to "enable innovation." We do this by helping enterprise customers adopt and harness the power of cloud computing. We believe that the growth of a great business can only be fueled by great people, so join us in our partnership with AWS, Microsoft and Google and help us build one of the most disruptive companies in the cloud industry. It's not your average job, because Cloudreach is not your average company.

As a Cloud Data Scientist you will be a key member of our Cloud Enablement team and will utilize statistical methods, algorithms, and machine learning models to derive insights and create solutions. You will be responsible for deriving, hypothesizing, and communicating, data insights for Cloudreach customers. A good understanding of cloud platforms and prior experience with machine learning tools and frameworks is required.

What do we look for?

The Cloud Data Scientist has extensive experience working with big data tools and supporting cloud services, an analytical mindset focused on data collection, storage, integration, processing and analysis, implementing complex and innovative data solutions for clients.

In addition, the Cloud Data Scientist thrives in a collaborative and agile environment with an ability to learn new concepts easily.

Your skills and traits will include but not be limited to:

Technical skills:

Experience in building scalable end-to-end data ingestion and processing solutions

Good understanding of data infrastructure and distributed computing principles

Proficient at implementing data processing workflows using Hadoop and frameworks such as Spark and Flink

Ability to identify and select the right tools for a given problem, such as knowing when to use a relational or non-relational database

Working knowledge of non-relational and row/columnar based relational databases

Experience with Machine Learning toolkits

Experience with object-oriented and/or functional programming languages, such as Python, Java and Scala

Demonstrable working experience

A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets

Delivering production scale data engineering solutions leveraging one or more cloud services

Confidently taking responsibility for the technical output of a project

Ability to quickly pick up new skills and learn on the job

Comfortably working with various stakeholders such as data scientists, architects and other developers

Solid communication skills: You can clearly articulate the vision and confidently communicate with all stakeholder levels: Cloudreach, Customer, 3rd Parties and Partners - both verbal and written. You are able to identify core messages and act quickly and appropriately.

What will you do?

Build technical solutions required for optimal ingestion, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using open source, AWS, Azure or GCP 'big data' frameworks and services.

Work with the product and software team to provide feedback surrounding data-related technical issues and support for data infrastructure needs uncovered during customer engagements / testing.

Understand and formulate processing pipelines of large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.

Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture

Working alongside Cloud Data Architects, Cloud Data Engineers, Cloud System Developers and Cloud Enablement Manager to implement Data Engineering solutions

The Data Scientist should have experience implementing models in production environments.

Collaborating with the customer's data scientists and data stewards during workshop sessions to uncover more detailed business requirements related to data

engineering

What are our cloudy perks?

A MacBook Pro and iphone or google pixel (your pick!)

Unique 'cloudy' culture -- we work hard and play hard

Uncapped holidays and your birthday off

World-class training and career development opportunities through our own Cloudy University

Centrally-located offices

Fully stocked kitchen and team 'cloudy' lunches, taking over a restaurant or two every Friday

Office amenities like pool tables and Xbox on the big screen TV

Working with a collaborative, social team, and growing your skills faster than you will anywhere else

Quarterly kick-off events with the opportunity to travel abroad

Full benefits and 401k match

 Cloudreach is a global cloud enabler, working in close partnership with Amazon, Microsoft Azure and Google. We're at the forefront of com...
