Data Scientist - AVP

 - 180008JQ

Job Summary

Zurich North America is looking for an AVP, Data Scientist to join the Predictive Analytics Center of Excellence in our North American headquarters in Schaumburg, Illinois or Jersey City, New Jersey.

Zurich’s Predictive Analytics team makes a real difference to how Zurich and our customers manage risk. The team uses their insurance expertise, data, and advanced analytics to solve real business problems.

The AVP, Data Scientist role blends advanced analytics with business problem solving to lead our most complex projects.

Role & Accountabilities

As an AVP, Data Scientist, you will lead project team(s) to:

Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand their challenges and structure an advanced analytical solution to solve it

Design, develop, and validate models (descriptive, predictive, optimization/simulation and others) built using a variety of modeling techniques

Work with stakeholders to develop a strategy on how to use the model to generate the desired impact and monitor the deployment to ensure that the desired impact is achieved

Monitor model accuracy, and work with stakeholders to ensure the model is used appropriately and generates the desired impact.

The AVP, Data Scientist also contributes to the broader Predictive Analytics team by:

Proactively develop market leading analytic techniques to help build the capabilities of the team

Identify and select new internal and external data sources to enhance existing data

Elevate the business knowledge of the entire Data Science team

Establish, maintain, and grow strong, collaborative relationships across the organization including BU/SSU leadership and executives.

Job Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics/Statistics or Technology and 8 or more years of experience in the Predictive Analytics area

AND

Experience applying data transformation techniques such as exact and probabilistic matching methods; fuzzy matching, text mining, and data reduction

Experience with programming and database mining tools such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Java, SQL, and Python.

Preferred Qualifications:

Extensive knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling techniques, such as machine learning, decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering, regression, and neural networks and their application to business decisions

Experience coaching and mentoring less experienced Data Scientists

Ability and experience to lead technical projects and teams

Strong verbal and written communication skills.

Additional Information

Imagine working for a company that truly cares about their employees, customers, stakeholders, and communities they serve. Imagine working for a values-driven organization that has the ambition and desire to be the best global insurance provider in the world. Zurich is that place where 55,000 employees across approximately 200 countries and territories are all focused on helping people and helping companies protect what is truly most important to them. We are a values-driven organization that takes pride in the work that we do every day and we have the ambition to be the best global insurer in the world.

EOE disability/vets

Zurich does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resume will become the property of Zurich American Insurance. If you are a preferred vendor, please use our Recruiting Agency Portal for resume submission.

Primary Location United States-Illinois-Schaumburg

Other Locations United States-New Jersey-Jersey City

Schedule Full-time

Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time

Relocation Available Yes

Job Posting 02/20/19

 Zurich North America (www.zurichna.com) is a leading commercial property-casualty insurance provider serving the global corporate, large ...
