Read what people are saying about working here. 

About Us

Don’t just find a job, find your WHY at a purpose-driven organization; discover a career at Virginia Premier.

By blending quality benefits, affiliating with the world-renowned VCU Health System and offering career-advancing development programs, we allow our employees to focus on the meaningful work of improving and saving the lives of more than 200,000 people throughout the state of Virginia.

At Virginia Premier, we are building an industry leading health care organization through dedicated teams that have heart, provide top-notch quality member services and embrace our mission of inspiring healthy living within the communities we serve. Our vision is to connect people to innovation, quality and affordable health care for all phases of life.

If this sounds like you, read on!

Overview

Provides analytical support, development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools. The Data Scientist will identify advanced analytic opportunities independently and effectively applying data mining and math principles capitalizing on available and new technologies to deliver predictive models, analytics insights, simulations and optimizations that drive measurable value and results throughout the organization.

Responsibilities

Executes highly complex algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes as it relates to our clinical data.

Performs analysis of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and complex business problems. Utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and specialized expertise in the organization and/or industry

Applies analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques.

Manages large and complex analytical projects from data exploration, model building, performance evaluation and testing.

Assist executive leadership in developing recommendations based on data modeling.

Display advanced knowledge of SQL and data models. Write SQL to optimize streams and support data modeling discussions.

Support data driven decisions recommending corrective action and improvements

Apply business and predictive modeling expertise to identify underlying trends.

Prepare and deliver presentations detailing results and helping others understand analytics. Align presentations effectively to the audience.

Responsible for protecting, securing, and proper handling of all confidential data held by Virginia Premier to ensure against unauthorized access, improper transmission, and/or unapproved disclosure of information that could result in harm to Virginia Premier, or our providers and members.

Establishes analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analysis.

Qualifications

MINIMUM EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS

Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or technical field, such as computer science, mathematics, engineering, or economics is required.

Master’s Degree or PhD in one of the above fields is strongly preferred.

Experience with the following software; R, SAS, Python, SPSS, Cognos, Predictive Analytic tools and Tableau.

SPECIAL KNOWLEDGE AND/OR SKILLS

Advanced analytics: the ability to apply appropriate analytical techniques and translate findings into actionable business insights and recommendations. Identify and utilize best math principles and methods to achieve goals tapping into experience, knowledge and research.

Database technologies: understanding of data warehousing concepts including displayed experience or knowledge of data mart and data definition practices that support quality and re-use, with the ability to write complex SQL statements to store, retrieve, manipulate, integrate, validate, and summarize data

Strong communications skills: both verbal and written, with the ability to explain complex concepts to non-technical audiences

Demonstrates advanced in-depth specialization in mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling.

Comprehensive knowledge on managed care/health insurance industry, products, systems, business strategies and products.

Expertise in advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.

Superior ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form.

Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.

WORK BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE

Minimum of 8 years of progressively complex related experience, preferably in a managed healthcare/health insurance environment.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

Physical health sufficient to meet the ergonomic standards and demands of the position

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. EOE

Our mission is to inspire healthy living within the communities we serve!

 Virginia Premier is a nonprofit managed care organization, founded in 1995 and owned by Virginia Commonwealth Health System. Our mission ...
