What You'll Do

Your role will be Data Scientist and you will be part of world-class Software engineering team that works on various ground breaking technologies in providing analytics solutions to networks with Enterprise Switches and Routers connecting to Cloud applications. Opportunity to work with leading edge saas-based analytics solutions.

Extremely motivated, passionate about learning and contributing to the team and the business with "can do" attitude.

Strong design/programming ethic. Familiar with current accessibility requirements and testing.

Create efficient data processing workflows for training machine learning systems

. Analyze results of machine learning models on data

Commitment to Quality: Ability to ensure and commit to a higher standard of quality than usual in the face of time to market pressures.

. Create new use cases using ML in SDWAN networks

Responsibilities:

Participate on a project team of engineers involved in the development of software for our next generation analytics solutions.

Conduct studies and find creative usage of new and/or existing data sources.

Work with Data Engineers to leverage existing data models and build new ones, as needed.

Collaborate with backend developers to deliver new features and maintenance of existing features

Participate in an agile software development lifecycle

Who You'll Work With

Cisco Viptela’s software driven(SD), cloud-first architecture for the WAN fits well with Cisco’s Digital Network Architecture (DNA) building on its automation, virtualization and analytics capabilities. Viptela’s offering complements Cisco’s on-premises routing platform with a cloud-centric approach to control management and orchestration, making it easy for our customers to deploy and manage the WAN. Viptela also supports Cisco’s strategic transition toward cloud and software-centric solutions that deliver predictable recurring revenue.

Who You Are

Minimum qualification

You are motivated, driven and a teammate. You'll be willing to learn and be passionate about working on a wide range of product areas. You work well independently and as part of a team. Strong communication skills are meaningful.

You have a strong background in software development including specification, implementation and testing. Programming skills in various languages like Python, R and Scala. Understanding of Machine Learning, e.g.: linear/logistics regression discriminant analysis, bagging, random forest, Bayesian model, SVM, neural networks, etc.

Desired Skills:

Self-motivated, strong sense of ownership, good teammate

You're able to handle multiple tasks at once and work independently with minimal managerial guidance.

Be open to continuous learning and committed to ongoing self-improvement.

Initiate and participate in organizational efforts to improve overall group productivity and test effectiveness. Contribute to overall test strategies

Why Cisco

We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to craft the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with rare personalities who aren’t afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns.

We are leaders with vision, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers.

We Are Cisco.

Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.

Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records

LI-CB1
