Read what people are saying about working here. Job Title

Healthcare Operations Data Scientist

Job Description

In this role, you have the opportunity to

Make a difference through innovation in advanced data analytics in the area of Clinical Informatics Solutions. You will work with a growing team of data scientists developing new concepts, propositions, technologies and demonstrators that bring new insights from a combination of multiple healthcare data sources.

You are responsible for

Focus on research, development, and evaluation of first-of-kind algorithms and prototypes for improving workflows in radiology, cardiology, oncology etc.

Apply your expertise in data analytics, process modeling, operations research, simulation, and optimization tools and applied machine learning to research innovative solutions, develop new concepts, and implement proof-of-concept prototypes

Interact with business partners and customers to understand problems, share insights and standard methodologies

Deliver high-quality innovations to the business with performance validated on datasets from customers and clinical collaborators

Participate as part of multi-disciplinary teams to contribute to research and development with new business models for solutions and services

Build collaborative relationships with external organizations, the scientific community, and governmental resources.

You are a part of

Philips has offerings spanning components, modules, systems, turnkey projects and services, and is recognized as a pioneer and leader in the healthcare industry. We simplify healthcare by focusing on the people in the care cycle – patients and care providers. Through combining human insights and clinical expertise, we aim to improve patient outcomes while lowering the burden on the healthcare system and providers. Philips delivers advanced solutions to health professionals to meet the needs of patients, and to empowered consumers for affordable healthcare whether in a hospital or at home.

To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience

Ph.D. in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, or a related field;

Expertise in process modeling, workflow optimization, simulation and statistical methods for improving workflows in the healthcare domain demonstrated through scientific publications and/or successful product development;

Understanding of clinical workflow and healthcare processes with an emphasis on at least one medical specialty - preferably radiology or cardiology workflows, developed through experience in clinical environments;

Software prototyping experience in a clinically oriented research environment, with programming experience at least one of the following Python, R, Java, C#, C/C++;

First author publications in scientific journals/conferences;

Ability to work with cross-functional teams;

Self-motivated, driving for results, and team-player;

Flexible and quick-learner;

Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Experience in health care data and communication standards (HL7; DICOM) a plus

Experience with health information systems (EMR, PACS, HIS/RIS etc) a plus

Experience with relevant data analytics and visualization tools such as Tableau, PowerBI, Qlikview, Spotfire a plus

Understanding of business and economic considerations associated with healthcare innovation a plus

In return, we offer you

We enable our employees to create a legacy in life through their work and support their development through people-centric learning, total rewards and personalized development planning programs.

Join us and work in a dynamic environment with opportunities to contribute to a number of innovation topics and application areas in relation to healthcare solutions and services. You have the opportunity to contribute to the growth of your team. We offer a competitive benefits and salary package with offices in multiple locations in the US.

Why should you join Philips?

Working at Philips is more than a job. It is a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on improving 3 billion lives a year by delivering innovative solutions across the health continuum. Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways.

To find out more about what it is like working for Philips at a personal level, visit the Working at Philips page on our career website, where you can read stories from our employee blog. Once there, you can also learn about our recruitment process, or find answers to some of the frequently asked questions.

It is the policy of Philips to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, color, citizenship, disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital or domestic partner status, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth, race, religion, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws. Philips is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran.

As an equal opportunity employer, Philips is committed to a diverse workforce. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants that require accommodation in the job application process may contact 888-367-7223, option 5, for assistance.

#LI-PH1

Contact

If you forgot your password, you can click the Forgot Password button on the Sign In screen to reset it. In case of technical difficulties, please send an email to careersite@philips.com.

(Note: To ensure fairness and legal compliance in our recruitment processes, only technical issues will be monitored through the above inbox. Please do not submit resumes or applications to this email, as they will not be reviewed. Only applications received through the online application process will be considered.) Over 125 years ago, Frederik and Gerald Philips started a small light bulb company in Eindhoven. Little did they realize that it would be...
