Purpose of Job We are currently seeking talented Director, Data Scientist for our San Antonio, TX facility.

Leads a team of Data Scientists responsible for advanced analytical solutions that include predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to that generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications. Utilizes technical acumen and in-depth understanding of business processes and practices to influence the creation and execution of operational and strategic plans. Partners with IT and other areas to build major improvements to analytical processes and systems. Advises Senior Leadership on the development of data science solutions and long-term goals and or strategies. Maintains relationships with academic and industry thought-leaders to ensure the enterprise has access to cutting-edge thinking and technologies.

 Job Requirements  
Collaborates with other analytical leaders to fulfill the strategic direction of the business through data and information exploration, research of emerging technologies or analytical techniques and long-term defined/project specific strategic assignments. 
Oversees and executes the exploration of promising new technologies, analytical methods and data sources (internal to USAA & external) that have potential to add value to the enterprise. 
Partners with enterprise analytical and IT teams to build USAA core capabilities and processes. 
Identifies additional resource needs ranging from IT investments, 3rd party support or additional analysts. 
Understands the business direction, environment and strategies, to identify and recommend solutions that influence decision makers and drive change. 
Directs the design and construction of large and complex data sets from large amounts of structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. 
Builds and leads a high performing team of experts in advanced analytics.  Develops team reputation as highly skilled experts in the field of data science.  


Minimum Requirements   
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field (6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree) 
8 or more years of experience in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science 
3 or more years of direct management experience 
Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis) 
Expert in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C) and one dynamic scripting language (e.g., Python, PERL, Ruby) 
A strong track record of communicating results, insights, and technical solutions to Senior Executive Management (or equivalent)  

*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.* 

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses. 


Preferred    
M.S. or PhD in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computational Engineering, Operations Research, or similar 
Demonstrates scholarship with previous publications of books, articles, conference presentations and applications in analytical methods involving advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., machine learning, deep learning, simulation) 
Proficient in Python and/or mathematical programming methods 
Demonstrated leadership in identifying capability gaps and developing analytical solutions involving advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., machine learning, deep learning, simulation) 
Demonstrated leadership providing guidance to cross-functional, matrixed teams to solve highly complex work that is critical to the organization, to include supporting R&D deployments 
 Demonstrated experience building and maintaining academic and industry relationships for the purposes of research and awareness of cutting edge techniques and technologies   
 Demonstrates a strong track record of communicating results, insights, and technical solutions to Senior Executive Management (or equivalent)  
 Demonstrated experience mentoring and educating junior data scientists to help them become competent and confident problem solvers    

***Selected candidates will attend and complete the Management Development School program in San Antonio, TX, during their first six months in position.*** 

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. 

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. 

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers. 


Relocation  assistance is 
available  for this position. 


For Internal Candidates:  
Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting. 


Last day for internal candidates  
to apply to the opening is 02/28/19 by 11:59 pm CST time.  


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             San Antonio, TX 78249 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1114_R0029504
