Read what people are saying about working here. 

Temporary, Internship

Overview

The Undersea Cross-Domain Warfare Analysis Group (UCAG) within SPA supports the Navy and other government organizations with timely and objective capability assessments, technology evaluations, and strategic planning that integrate the technical, operational, programmatic, policy, and business aspects of undersea warfare (USW) and broader Navy issues. UCAG provides mature, turnkey products that reflect all of the factors important to decision makers. Our clients include Flag Officers, Senior Executives, and others who require robustly integrated support.

UCAG delivers:

Quantitative and qualitative modeling and analysis combined with extensive maritime operational and technical experience to develop integrated solutions to deterrence and warfighting challenges.

Cost-effective platform, mission, payload, and operating strategies to address capability gaps and exploit opportunities to create asymmetric cross-domain effects.

Expert capability, technology, policy, and business case assessments; operational mission analyses; integrated warfare assessments; requirements development; technology transition management; and program support.

Responsibilities

Assist in the visualization of current technologies and how they integrate with Undersea Warfare (USW) capability requirements. The individual will gain knowledge of defense technologies and unmanned systems. The primary project will involve the integration of unmanned technologies, host platforms, and capability requirements. The work involves research regarding the technologies' intended use, platform integration, requirements, and cost. Particular focus will be given to integrating the Navy's unmanned technologies with the platform in categories such as navigation, communications, and data transfer and articulating the integration plan to senior Navy leadership. The work will require developing an understanding of an existing model and data structures, the creation of displays showing the comparisons of data excursions in innovative and informative ways, and collaboration with military and operations research.

Qualifications

Must be currently pursuing a degree in Engineering (preferred), Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, or an equivalent technical field with coursework or experience in Systems Engineering and Operations Research, an/or quantitative analysis and Data Science.

Coursework or other experience in systems engineering and data science.

Coursework or practical experience in analyzing and visualizing data.

Experience in applying analytical methods to address complex problems.

Excellent articulation skills, both oral and written.

Proficiency in Microsoft Office products, including Word, Powerpoint, and Excel.

Experience and comfort working independently and in a collaborative group.

U.S. citizenship required to meet eligibility requirements for access to Secret level information.

Preferred Qualification

Experience with Systems Took Kit (STK) satellite modeling software.

 Systems Planning and Analysis, Inc. (SPA) is a privately held professional services company headquartered in Alexandria, VA, USA, with cl...
