Senior ML Data Scientist- AWS- Minnesota- $160K- Remote Our client company is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to help build an advanced analytics team working on optimizing advertising campaigns through data analytics and machine learning. You would be responsible for creating models based on collected data as well as researching and implementing methodologies to measure the impact of the models. The ideal candidate would be very well versed in Python and have strong written and oral communication skills. Responsibilities Analyze and gather data Optimize and Devise solutions Develop high performance algorithms for precision targeting and testing Formulate machine learning and statistical approaches while checking on business metrics You should stay current on machine learning and modeling techniques, data mining and competing technologies You are also expected to develop new algorithms and creating unique models Requirements Masters or PhD in a quantitative field preferred Experience with modern and technical skills ideal Advanced hands-on skill with high volumes of data involving analyzation, cleaning, manipulation, and sourcing Background in pricing optimization, classification, and customer behavior This growing startup company, focused on Amazon Marketing ROI, is searching for a Data Scientists like you! The company allows the ability for you to deepen your knowledge in data analysis while creating solutions to optimize advertising campaigns. The remote work combined with the unlimited PTO featured in this position also allows for a greater balance in your work and social life, giving you the opportunity to spend your time how you want. Interviews have already begun so if you are interested in applying or know someone who is please contact Amy Phan immediately at a.phan@jeffersonfrank.com with an updated resume, or call 972-437-8259. Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS and DevOps jobs than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS and DevOps market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS / DevOps jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Amazon Web Services candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the AWS market and some of the opportunities and AWS jobs that are available I can be contacted on 972-437-8259. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more fantastic Amazon Web Services opportunities! Jefferson Frank Inc. is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. AWS/DevOps/AWS DevOps/Amazon Web Services/Site Reliability Engineer/Minneapolis/Java/ Python/Ruby/Ruby on Rails/Docker/Kubernetes/Jenkins/Ansible/Puppet/Chef
