Read what people are saying about working here. 

Data Scientist - Performance Engineering - (00052731)

Description

MITRE is a not-for-profit organization that operates research and development centers sponsored by the federal government.

The Systems Performance Engineering Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to combine systems Engineering with Data Analytics to build end to end data analytic pipelines. You will learn from seasoned data professionals in a fast paced and dynamic atmosphere. You will have the opportunity to make strategic differences and have real long-term impacts on some of the most challenging problems in the government space.

Our employees have the opportunity to work on multiple projects, cross pollinate ideas across the government, and continuously learn. We are truly an interdisciplinary department that thrives on having a large toolbox to support data/model driven decision making. We value people who bring a positive outlook and an eagerness to learn new skills.

The successful candidate will:

Be passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.

Have an innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.

Work with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.

Support the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.

Present results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.

Qualifications

Required for consideration:

Must be a US citizen capable of obtaining and maintaining a DoD clearance

A Bachelor’s degree in one of the following disciplines: Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Engineering.

Experience with analytic tools such as Python, SAS, MATLAB, JavaScript, R, Java

Data Visualization tools such as Bokeh, Seaborn,Tableau, OBIEE, C#, JQuery

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets

Ability to formulate complex algorithms and process to solve complex data problems

Preference will be given to candidates with:

Applicable Master’s Degree

Active DoD clearance.

Research experience is a plus

Prior experience working with databases (e.g., Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB)

Software Development experience in a shared environment leveraging tools such as GIT

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-McLean

Other Locations: United States-Colorado-Colorado Springs

Work Locations: Washington 22102

Job: Systems Engineering

This requisition requires a clearance of: None

Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time

Job Posting: Feb 24, 2019, 5:41:11 PM

 Politicians try to engineer a better government, but MITRE governs the country's best engineering. A private, not-for-profit organization...
