Machine Learning + Cloud Analytics for Enterprise Marketers

Our team is changing the way marketers understand their cross-channel portfolio by translating the most sophisticated data science on the market into clear, actionable insights. For us, "attribution, evolved" isn't just a slogan; with our machine learning-powered Ensemble Method, we break free of the one-size-fits-all algorithm and create a truly unique, dynamic, and predictive solution for our customers. Conversion Logic is a media agnostic, lean start-up with brains and grit, and we're dedicated to helping clients reduce friction, adapt and realize value more quickly than ever before.

HOW YOU WILL HAVE AN IMPACT

Research, develop, operate, and extend advanced marketing mix models and multi-touch attribution models using Machine Learning algorithms to be deployed in production.

Collaborate closely with client services and engineering to deliver insights to clients on time

You’ll establish standards of excellence for the team by demonstrating professional expertise, a strong work ethic, integrity, and professional behavior.

WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING

Provide thought leadership for analytics and Big Data projects on best practices, methods, and tools.

Developing and implementing marketing mix models, machine learning models, and forecasting models to address complex client problems.

Develop and evangelize best internal practices for scoping, building, and validating, modeling projects.

WHAT YOU WILL NEED

A degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, or Engineering.

10 or more years of hands-on experience creating predictive models using advanced machine learning techniques.

Experience in predictive modeling with Machine Learning algorithms.

Prior hands-on experience working with large distributed datasets using HiveSQL, Spark, or Hadoop.

A strong understanding of probability, statistics, and linear algebra.

Solid coding and scripting skills in Python.

Prior experience leading a team of Data Scientists and Analysts.

SQL, Python, Data Mining, Data Visualization, Statistical Analysis.

Advanced knowledge and understanding of Machine Learning algorithms

Excellent teamwork and communication ability

A passion for Data Science disciplined at work, and confident while being humble

Conversion Logic is an EOE M/F/D/V
