Read what people are saying about working here. 

Description

The Lead Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Lead Data Scientist works on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial. Subsequently, the Lead Data Scientist have strong prioritization skills, while being dynamic and agile. The Lead Data Scientist must also be able to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to management and executive level audiences while being able to build relationships with their partners. The Lead Data Scientist must be proactive and work with a sense of urgency.

Responsibilities

The Lead Data Scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Advises executives to develop functional strategies (often segment specific) on matters of significance. Exercises independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks, and works under minimal supervision, Uses independent judgment requiring analysis of variable factors and determining the best course of action

Required Qualifications

Master's Degree

8+ years technical experience

2+ years project leadership experience

Experience Obtaining data from multiple, disparate data sources including structured, semi structured and unstructured data.

Using machine learning and data mining techniques to understand the patterns in large volumes of data, identify relationships, detect data anomalies, and classify data sets.

Experience with cloud-based ecosystems (GCP, AWS, Azure)

Experience in NLP with Audio and Video data

Experience in Image Processing

Strong programming skills in at least one language such as Python, Java, Scala or R.

Successful demonstrated experience in working on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial in a collaborative fashion alongside other individuals or teams.

Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business.

Specifically, has experience with Deep Learning models, AI development, agile software launching, Tensorflow experience, and/or working with data integration developers to assess data quality and define data processing business rules for cleansing, aggregation, enhancement, supporting analysis and predictive modelling activities.

Designing and building algorithms and predictive models using techniques such as linear and logistic regression, support vector machines, ensemble models (random forest and/or gradient boosted trees), neural networks, and clustering techniques.

Ability to exercise independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks

Ability to works under minimal supervision, using independent judgment

Presenting complex analysis results tailored to different audiences (e.g. technical, manager, executive) in a highly consumable and actionable form including the use of data visualizations

Preferred Qualifications

Ph. D Degree

Experience with deploying model pipelines across various technologies, such as Kubernetes or Docker.

Experience working with data from wearables and Internet of Things (IoT)

Experience deploying ML with wearables, apps, IoT, etc.

Interested in coaching and mentoring junior talent to grow next generation of Data Scientists

Experience working in Agile environments (i.e. Jira)

Experience in Healthcare data

Additional Information

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40
 For more than 50 years Humana has been a proven leader and innovator in the health and wellness industry.   A passionate emphasis on peop...
