Biztalk Required skill and Experience Good debugging skills for BizTalk Server(Preferable all the BizTalk Versions from 2010 to 2016) Have a strong BizTalk Application development skills . Possess Administrator roles in Biztalk Server. Knowledge on Troubleshooting Biztalk server. Good Exposure on XML, XSD, XSLT and various BizTalk Adapters. Have knowledge on all the BizTalk Versions. Exposure in Maintenance of BizTalk servers. Have good exposure with Latest SQL servers. BizTalk Health Monitoring (HAT), Microsoft Visual Studio, Azure XML, XSLT, BRE, BizTalk orchestrations, maps (incl. XSLT) BizTalk pipelines (creating of custom C# pipeline components) REST services implementation in BizTalk WCF services implementation Adapting to new technologies and adapters (ie. Active Directory Adapter, SAP Adapter, Azure Logic Apps) Managing proof-of-concepts Standard JD: Acts as a secondary response for technical support. Provides for complex products, including escalated issues, mainly to end users, along with developers and corporate customers. Provides support via telephone, written correspondence, and electronic media. Works independently with limited supervision. May provide technical training, coaching and mentoring to other engineers. May act as substantial technical resource in certain product areas. Skills: 2-3 years related experience required. Solid understanding of standard computer science concepts required. Knowledge of personal computers, relevant operating systems, applications, and/or languages required. Knowledge of personal computer architecture and networking required. Solid understanding of technical support issues required. Must have sufficient technical depth to communicate with development and other internal organizations at a peer level. Strong communication, problem solving, and technical writing skills; excellent customer service and support skills required. Programming and debugging skills preferred. Associates degree in a technical field preferred, or an equivalent combination of education and experience required. Expertise in Microsoft Sharepoint and Active Directory required; SQL Server and IIS are a plus. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
