Read what people are saying about working here. 

What We Are Doing:

ForeScout is at the forefront of IoT Security. As the world becomes more and more connected so does the need for ForeScout's products. We are looking for individuals that want to be at the ground floor of building a product that addresses the world’s most challenging security problems. Innovation starts here, visionaries welcomed!

ForeScout's San Jose Engineering organization is looking for experienced Data Scientist to work on cutting edge IoT security products. Being part of the team, you will help to build the next-generation of products that stand in the forefront of current enterprise security challenges. The product will help our customers to detect and mitigate the most advance attacks on their assets in campus, data center and public cloud.

We are open to candidates of different experience levels.

What You Will Do:

Be a part of the core security research/data group and focus on entire data science life cycle activities

Identify and implement machine learning (ML)/artificial intelligence (AI) into high impact ForeScout security project, leveraging the rich set of data from ForeScout Data Cloud

Develop and implement machine learning and deep learning models at scale (supervised learning, unsupervised learning including feature extractions and PCA techniques, neural networks, etc.)

Ensure scalable and continuous high-quality data stream

Work with research and development team to deploy machine learning models to production

Prepare static and dynamic data visualizations for use in internal and external contexts

Documents projects including data gathering and processes, leading approaches, final algorithm, and detailed set of results and analytical metrics

What You Bring to ForeScout:

Most importantly, true startup spirit, strong "can-do" attitude, and willing to wear multiple hats when needed

Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Physics, Statistics or other technical field with 3+ years of industry experience in analytics, data mining, and/or predictive modeling, and data interpretation

Deep understanding of machine learning algorithms and data science processes

Hands-on experience with Python, PySpark, or R

Experience with Deep Learning frameworks such as Keras, PyTorch, Tensorflow and MXNET

Experience in developing training, inference and evaluation pipelines for machine learning and deep learning models

Experience building security products highly desirable.

Strong problem-solving skills

Excited by mathematical problems/coding challenges

Ability to influence with or without authority

Self-starter and ability to efficiently collaborate with cross-functional teams

What ForeScout Offers You:

Strong product, good leadership, great culture, good people, diverse, great benefits, great compensation. If you have good work ethic, are visible, lean in, you will be recognized. We are in growth mode and there are tons of opportunity. A positive attitude and being flexible to change goes a long way here at ForeScout!

Competitive compensation and Benefits

Collaborative and innovative environment – make an impact on worldwide security while working on the hottest technology.

We work hard…and we PLAY hard!

 ForeScout Technologies is transforming security through visibility. ForeScout has pioneered an agentless approach to network security to ...
