Read what people are saying about working here. Overview

--------

Trōv is looking for a seasoned Data Scientist to be a driving force in defining our analytics capabilities, particularly as it relates to machine learning and predictive analytics. As a part of the Trōv Analytics team, you will be working cross functionally with analysts, actuaries, devs and PMs. Your research will directly influence product feature development, algorithm optimization/efficiency insurance risk modeling and business strategy. Additionally you'll be building out the Trōv Analytics team toolset to make data science research accessible and it's insights understandable, to the entire company. The task is a big one, but the ownership and recognition are equally immense.

Your Main Responsibilities Will Include

---------------------------------------

Leverage data and business principles to create and drive large scale programs across Trōv's growing product portfolio.

Work cross-functionally to define problem statements, collect data, build analytical models and make recommendations to Analytics, Marketing, Product, Insurance and Leadership.

Build and maintain data driven optimization models, experiments and forecasting algorithms

Leverage tools like R, Tableau, Python & SQL to drive efficient analytics.

Build a data science culture through best in class software, delivering tangible value and educating (demystifying) data science for non-technical customers.

Be a self-starter, motivated by a passion for developing the best possible solutions to problems.

Ability to thrive in an unstructured environment, working autonomously, with a highly distributed workforce.

Identify and implement streamlined processes for data reporting and communication.

Routinely communicate metrics, trends and other key indicators to senior leadership.

Provide leadership and mentorship to other members of the team.

Minimum Qualifications

----------------------

BS Degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Management Science).

5+ years of hands-on experience analyzing and interpreting data, drawing conclusions, defining recommended actions, and reporting results across diverse stakeholders.

5+ years experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, mathematical programming, and simulation in industry and/or academia.

5+ years of SQL development skills writing queries.

5+ years of experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker, QlikView, or Google Charts.

5+ years experience in managing and analyzing large-scale structured and unstructured data using R, Python, Hadoop, Scala, etc.

Experienced with packages such as NumPy, SciPy, pandas, scikit-learn, dplyr, ggplot2, SPSS, SAS, STATA, etc.

Experience leveraging data driven models to drive business decisions.

Ability to distill and communicate data to all organizational levels.

Understanding of statistics and optimization techniques.

Hands-on experience with medium to large datasets (i.e. data extraction, cleaning, analysis and presentation).

Bonus Points

------------

Hands on experience building a data science org from scratch.

Experience working in an enterprise or B2B space, as well as the consumer or B2C space

About Trōv

---------------

Trōv is reinventing insurance for the mobile generation by making it simple, flexible and transparent. With the introduction of the world's first on-demand insurance platform for single items, Trōv gives people the power to insure just what they want, exactly when they want, entirely from their mobile device. The Trōv app also helps people easily organize important information about the things they own and back it up to the cloud, so it's accessible when needed. Trōv is headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area. For more information visit www.Trōv.com.

At Trōv, we love creating great products and disrupting industries, which we are now doing in the archaic insurance industry. We have an agile and insight driven approach to the work we do, responding quickly to customer and market needs. Trōv has a vibrant culture, with two-thirds of the team (primarily engineering) working remotely outside of SF Bay Area HQ, including several cities in the US, Canada, UK and Australia. The team at Trōv works exceptionally hard, but also supports the varying needs of different people via a flexible work structure using the latest collaborative work software.

Our company's leadership includes CEO Scott Walchek (Macromedia, C2B, Baidu, DebtMarket) and Chief Strategy Officer Mark Dowds (Band of Coders, BrainPark, ServiceCloud). We have an outstanding distributed team of engineers coming from diverse backgrounds, previously working on large-scale online services for top software companies.For more information, visit Trōv.com. For latest funding information www.crunchbase.com/organization/Trōv.
