Kelly Services is actively seeking a Data Scientist, Recalls & Campaigns for Nissan at their Franklin, TN location. This is a long term indefinite contract opportunity to join a great team!   Data Scientists, Recalls & Campaigns Minimum Qualifications Education: Bachelor’s degree in related discipline Statistics, Mathematics, analytics, and Data science preferred  Computer Skills: Advanced knowledge of MS Office applications, relational databases Access, Tableau, SQL, etc. Mainframe FOCUS and spreadsheets to properly integrate multiple data sources while maintaining data integrity  Job Knowledge and Skill:  Strong leadership and project management skills required.  Excellent oral and written communication, problem solving, analytical techniques, data modeling and interpersonal skills.  Able to express complicated data analysis in easy to understand graphs or reports for use by personnel not familiar with statistical methods.  Advanced knowledge of data standardization and integration from multiple sources while maintaining data integrity and usefulness.  Ability to augment quantitative analyses with qualitative inputs, bringing forward actionable insights for dealer support and campaign team leadership.  Experience: Five+ years of experience relating to data and/or statistical analysis.  Supervisory Experience: Two+ years in a work leader role coordinating the work of other employees or contractors is preferred, but not required. This includes training new employees, assigning work, and checking the timeliness and quality of work. May have provided input into performance reviews. Most of the time in work leader role would have been spent performing work similar to that performed by the people whose activities the position coordinates.    Job Description Supports the Senior Manager Recalls Campaigns in the ongoing analysis and reporting of campaign warranty claim activity, parts usage, and distribution forecasting, and completion tracking for the Aftersales Division. This involves evaluating, forecasting, tracking, and reporting claims, completions, and parts usage at an overall and retailer level. Sr. Analysts will be supervised by and may receive daily direction from the Sr. Planner, Campaigns and Recalls. Contributes to building brand value and achieving enduring profitable growth Describe the principle, core primary tasks that a person in this position performs on a daily, weekly, monthly or annual basis?  • Understands statistical modeling and is able to create models to predict and/or forecast future dealer trends or claims activity.  • Provides ad-hoc data analysis as needed.  • Analysts will be assigned certain regions and dealers 460 and be responsible for supporting those retailers and their regional support staff with campaign completion updates as scheduled.  • Responsible for preparing recurring campaign completion and activity reports providing insightful month-end analysis to campaign team management and stakeholders.  • Provide recommended actions based on identified trends when appropriate.  • Provide analytical support for legal or other cross-functional support as needed for legal discovery or case defense. • Conducts quantitative analyses using various internal and external data sources to identify key issues and trends that support campaign completion strategies and decisions.  • Consult with report recipients to ensure report output meets current business needs and acts as an internal consultant regarding the use of campaign reports and data.  • Promotes and leverages analytical tools and methods appropriately applying them to business partner problems. • Understands retailer processes, automobile components and function, and applies that understanding when providing analysis and recommendations.  • Maintains campaign group database and communications logs as needed.  • Work in conjunction with COC personnel to validate claims debits on campaigns as appropriate.  • As necessary, performs other related duties of which the above are representative.    • W2/ HOURLY PAY RATE: Open (based upon experience and qualifications) • There is no “per diem” with this position • There is no relocation budgeted for this position. If this position requires you to relocate you will be responsible for those costs. • At this time we are not in the position to offer any type of sponsorships or VISA transfers for this position.   Important information: This position is recruited for by a remote Kelly office, not your local Kelly branch.  To be considered for this position, you must apply now to submit your resumes.  If you have questions about the position, you may contact the recruiter recruiting for this position by email.   EMAIL: [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] Why Kelly®? At Kelly Services®, we work with the best. Our clients include 95 of the Fortune 100™ companies, and more than 70,000 hiring managers rely on Kelly annually to access the best talent to drive their business forward. If you only make one career connection today, connect with Kelly. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world and have a role in connecting thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners. Revenue in 2017 was $5.4 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
