Job Description:

Title: Data Scientist

Reports to: VP of Technology

Location: Holmdel NJ, USA

Duration: Full-Time

Company Description:

Nestled in the heart of the Jersey Shore, Avlino Inc. was founded in 2013. As an innovative start-up, the Company’s foundation was built on the co-founder’s belief that analytics should be simplified so that businesses of all sizes can benefit from the insights. Through the use of cutting edge technologies, advanced computing methods, and engineering talent, Avlino has proven that Analytics as a Service is the most effective model when approaching big data in both cost as well as efficiency.

Avlino’s mission is to simplify data analytics and deliver actionable insights to enterprises. Entering the growth stage, Avlino adds value to customers by offering high quality, cost effective, and efficient solutions that integrate business strategy, data science, and domain knowledge.

We are seeking a true entrepreneurial candidate with the desire to:

Build a great Data Science team;

Thrive In a fast-paced, creative and collaborative environment; and

Lead a project from infancy to revenue generation.

Responsibilities:

Work with a team of Data Scientists to develop quantitative models (predictive, sentiment etc.) using NLP, machine learning, or data mining techniques to address customers business problems.

Identify relevant data sources and sets to mine for client business needs (social media, CRM, POS, etc.).

Collaborate with business analysts to transform customer needs into actionable insights.

Design custom end user reports that are easy to read and interpret for multiple business unit audiences.

Architect the next generation Analytical platform.

Requirements:

In depth knowledge of statistical modeling, data mining concepts, and machine learning.

Experience working with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Map Reduce, Hive, Pig, etc.

Proficiency in multiple programming languages – Python, R, Java, Scala, and Python.

Experience in developing or implementing enterprise class Data Analytics and BI solutions.

Extremely analytical and able to solve problems independently.

Assesses customer requirements and translate them to appropriate deliverables.

MUST:  Desire to learn, have an analytical mind, and on point with detailed specifics.

Education: BS/MS in Computer Science or Math.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:

Data Scientist: 1 year (Preferred)

Data Analytics and BI solutions: 1 year (Preferred)

License:

are you ready on Full-Time (Preferred)

Benefits offered:

Others
