Hilton is creating a best-in-class data & analytics department that will lead a connected ecosystem of data, technology, tools, techniques, people and processes. This innovative data & analytics function will drive advanced analytics and actionable insights to help drive Hilton's performance. What will I be doing? The Data Science Team serves as internal advanced analytics consultants to key functions across Hilton's business, bringing predictive and prescriptive analytics through Machine Language (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). The team consists of data scientists, advanced analytics modelers, and data engineers, working closely with other Data & Analytics (DNA) teams, as well as Product Team partners. Working with the Sr. Director of Data Science, you will be directly influencing the creation and delivery of products and services that help Hilton's mission to create heartfelt experiences for our customers. You will be an ambassador bringing values of big data to fruition and serving as the resource for building advanced analytics models for Hilton's customer initiatives, including but not limited to propensity modeling, loyalty, user experience, next best action, search optimization, direct marketing, and IoT (connected room) initiatives. More specifically, you will: Work closely with business and technical teams to gather, analyze and understand business requirements, translate activities and business objectives into parameters for analytical models. Design, document, develop, code, and test advanced analytics models into scalable advanced analytics solutions in a big data environment. Partner collaboratively with other functional teams to access data elements, understand the data being analyzed, and identify improvement opportunities for data ingestion process. Perform analysis on existing data and suggest new potential data set to identify and cultivate innovative advanced analytics opportunities. Facilitate and identify repeatable testing strategies for measuring results produced by analytics models. What are we looking for? We are looking for problem solvers, who are passionate about data and who love to have the chance to create improvements to data management. We believe success in this role will demonstrate itself through the following attributes and skills: Self-starter, well organized, and an assertive teammate willing to take ownership of responsibilities with a high level of positive energy and drive Excellent time management and project management skills that contribute to leading multiple priorities, working well under time constraints and effectively handling concurrent demands to prioritize responsibilities Effective communicator, collaborator, influencer and solution seeker across a variety of opinions Accountable individuals, who take ownership of projects, effectively communicate results and recommend improvements Strong communicators, both verbally and in writing, who effectively communicate at all levels of the organization To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess the following minimum qualifications and experience: Three (3) years of professional experience Two (2) years of hands-on experience in designing and implementing real-time statistical models and machine learning algorithms for scalable production environments One (1) year of experience in a full life-cycle analytics model environment, including development, deployment, and maintenance efforts One (1) year of proven research ability and creativity at problem solving Proficient with coding in languages such as Java/Scala, and Python/R It would be advantageous in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions: BA/BS Bachelor's Degree Two (2) years of hands-on experience in Personalization, Sales and Marketing, Customer Analytics, Digital Analytics, Loyalty Programs Two (2) years of research experience working on projects related to Reinforcement Learning, Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence Familiar with big data frameworks such as Hadoop and Spark Hands-on experience with data science and machine learning libraries such as Pandas, scikit-learn and TensorFlow/Keras What will it be like to work for Hilton? Hilton is the leading global hospitality company, spanning the lodging sector from luxurious full-service hotels and resorts to extended-stay suites and mid-priced hotels. For nearly a century, Hilton has offered business and leisure travelers the finest in accommodations, service, amenities and value. Hilton is dedicated to continuing its tradition of providing exceptional guest experiences across its global brands. Our vision to fill the earth with the light and warmth of hospitality unites us as a team to create remarkable hospitality experiences around the world every day. And, our amazing Team Members are at the heart of it all! EOE/AA/Disabled/Veterans
