Read what people are saying about working here. 

Job Purpose:

This position is responsible for providing advanced mathematical and statistical concepts and theories to analyze and collect data and construct solutions to business problems; performing complex statistical analysis on experimental or business data to validate and quantify trends or patterns identified by business analysts; constructing predictive models, algorithms and probability engines to support data analysis or product functions; verifying model and algorithm effectiveness based on real-world results; designing experiments and methodologies to generate and collect data for business use. Responsible for aiding tactical decision making by using predictive and prescriptive remodeling; and extracting actionable insights by identifying patterns in structured and unstructured data.

Required Job Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree and 5 years' of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Actuarial credential or Master's degree and 4 years' of work experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical, engineering, physics or related quantitative field; OR Ph.D. and 2 years' of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR 8 years' of work experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical, engineering, physics or related quantitative field.

Strong learning and growth mindset

Customer-focused

Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.

Must demonstrate proficiency in at least five of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing. 6) understanding of healthcare.

Experience in at least five of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing. 6) understanding of healthcare.

Proficiency with Microsoft applications including Access, Excel, Word and Power Point.

Demonstrated mastery in one of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing; 6) understanding of healthcare.

A track record of independently delivering or leading the delivery of a complex analytics or data science project.

A track record of mentoring, managing, or leading junior analytics or data science staff.

Preferred Job Qualifications:

Masters or Ph.D. in a quantitative field, or bachelor’s degree with significant healthcare experience.

Experience in SQL, Python, R, SAS and/or other statistical tools/languages.

Experience in relational database management systems (Teradata, DB2, Oracle, Access) or knowledge of a Hadoop ecosystem

HCSC is committed to diversity in the workplace and to providing equal opportunity and affirmative action to employees and applicants. We are an Equal Opportunity Employment / Affirmative Action employer dedicated to workforce diversity and a drug-free and smoke-free workplace. Drug screening and background investigation are required, as allowed by law. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.

Requirements:

Expertise 

Other

Job Type 

Full-Time Regular

Location 

TX - Richardson

HCSC is committed to diversity in the workplace and to providing equal opportunity and affirmative action to employees and applicants.

If you are an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran and need an accommodation or assistance in either using the Careers website or completing the application process, you can email us here to request reasonable accommodations.

Please note that only requests for accommodations in the application process will be returned. All applications, including resumes, must be submitted through HCSC's Career website on-line application process. If you have general questions regarding the status of an existing application, navigate to "my account" and click on "View your job submissions".

 Imagine Something New, Something Different.
See the world in fresh and vibrant ways. When you reimagine, perspectives change, potential ...
