FRIENDFINDER NETWORKS OVERVIEW FriendFinder Networks Inc. is a leading Internet-based social networking and technology company operating several of the most heavily-trafficked websites in the world. We provide our customers with a wide variety of online products and services, appealing to members of diverse cultures and interest groups, so they can interact with each other and enjoy our content. Our sites’ services include social networking, online personals, live and recorded video, online chat rooms, instant messaging, photo and video sharing, blogs, message boards, email and premium content websites. We’re looking for a talented Data Scientist who is driven by challenges to use data to provide actionable insights for growing the next-generation social media platform to join our team. We enable teams to collaborate for the deployment of lightweight web and mobile apps for social networking and live-streaming videos used by millions of users every day. You will work closely with other teams that have a profound and immediate impact on our vision with real-time social media in the global community. We connect people fast, anywhere in the world, in real-time 24 hours a day.   WHY JOIN US? Our mission is to bring people with shared interest together through social media in a safe, enjoyable, and friendly environment. We want to hire people who share our global vision of connecting people through social media, to join our collaborative team. People who thrive on being challenged, enjoy collaborating with others, and want to engineer solutions for people with common interests to connect. Are you ready to take on the challenge and work on exciting projects?   WHAT WE WANT FriendFinder Networks is looking for a Data Scientist with the primary responsibility to query and analyze large disparate datasets looking for relationships and trends typically related to increasing revenue, improving membership conversions, fraud detection and prevention, and providing actionable insights for solutions to business problems. You will communicate your findings and make presentations to senior management on a regular basis. Your contributions will ensure FriendFinder Networks will continue to provide our customers the best possible user experience for everyone who visits our web sites 24 hours a day, every day of the year, all over the world.  | 
