Read what people are saying about working here. 

Are you an analytical, data-driven professional? Are you interested in a role that uses leading edge analytics and offers an opportunity to provide front line support to solve our clients’ most challenging problems? If so, the Forensic Analytics practice within Deloitte Transactions and Business Analytics LLP (DTBA) is the place for you!

Forensic Analytics is a fast-growth practice within Deloitte Risk and Financial Advisory that centers around several of the hottest areas of business today – analytics, forensic analysis, and litigation support – and the specialized skills that make careers in these areas both fascinating and in high-demand. Our Analytics team makes extensive use of data, statistical and quantitative analysis, rules-based methods, and explanatory and predictive modeling to bring insights to client issues in the forensic and transaction domains. We work with specialists in many areas, and we apply our solutions to a wide range of highly interesting and complex corporate challenges, such as forensic investigations, sales fraud, anti-corruption compliance, restructuring, safety and quality, enterprise fraud and misuse management to explain what has occurred in the past and to support informed decision making for the future. Our work increasingly employs specialized competencies, such as advanced analytics, visualization, and geospatial techniques.

Work you'll do:

Translate client needs into robust analytics solutions that use predictive analytics, text analytics and cognitive computing, and big data frameworks, in order to find anomalies and hidden patterns

Design and implement production data pipelines using distributed computing and cloud technologies

Create, manage, analyze and utilize high performance relational databases (e.g., SQL Server, Oracle, Microsoft Access, OLAP and other proprietary software)

Query and mine large data sets to discover transaction patterns, examine financial data and filter for targeted information

Develop dashboards to visualize and integrate data from across the globe

Provide input with respect to practice technology initiatives and investments

Assist in preparing and presenting complex written and verbal materials (reports, findings and presentations)

Review deliverables for accuracy and quality

Provide coaching to junior staff

Contribute to new business proposals and proposal development

Manage own personal and professional development; seek opportunities for professional growth and expansion of consulting skills and experience

The Team

As a member of our Forensic Analytics practice in the Senior Consultant role, you will work on projects that will allow you to collaborate with attorneys, forensic accountants, clients, and other investigators. As part of these projects, you’ll be provided the opportunity to demonstrate your technical, project management and leadership skills in an environment that provides for outstanding growth and advancement. Project teams either work onsite with the client team or from a Deloitte office. Either location may necessitate regular travel and requires flexibility with the significant travel requirements of client service projects.

Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering, Business Analytics disciplines, or related area

3+ years of hands-on technical experience mining and analyzing transactional electronic data with competency in a variety of analytics tools and programming languages such as, but not limited to:

SQL fluency

Predictive Analytics/Data Mining: (e.g. R, Matlab, sklearn)

Big Data Tools (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig, Impala, Mahout, TensorFlow)

Exposure to machine learning: (e.g. supervised/unsupervised, online learning, model performance and validation)

Exposure to at least one of the following languages: Java, C#, C++, Python

Proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation creation tools, as well as Internet research tools

Professional demeanor and strong communication skills, both written and oral

Demonstrated problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment

Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects and responsibilities in a fast-paced environment

Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives

Travel up to 100% may be required, depending on role and location

Preferred Qualifications

Previous accounting/audit or analytics experience in a professional services firm

Master’s Degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering or a professional affiliation such as CPA, FCPA, CFE, MBA, ASA, and/or CFA

How you’ll grow

At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.

Benefits

At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.

Deloitte’s culture

Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship

 Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips

We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

 Think a Big Four career is nothing but spreadsheets, gray suits, and corporate profits? Look again. Deloitte employs more than 86,000 peo...
