ISO New England oversees the 24/7 operation of the power grid that covers the six-states of New England and administers the region’s $10+ billion “stock exchange” for the buying and selling of wholesale electricity. The power system is constantly evolving as new technologies emerge and energy policies evolve. There is a lot going on at our organization behind the scenes to make sure the grid continuously yields reliable electricity at competitive prices while addressing the unique challenges that come along with our industry.

Data Scientist

Work directly with a team of market monitoring analysts and economists to design and develop the department’s data visualization tools and dashboards. These tools are used to monitor wholesale electricity market performance, compliance with market rules and behavior of participants in the market. Lead role in transforming current and future surveillance reports and metrics into interactive and dynamic dashboards.

Responsibilities:

Integrate surveillance reports developed by market analysts and economists into an interactive system designed to make market performance metrics, data and other visualizations readily available to department staff.

Develop and administer the system, which will serve to enhance the efficiency of our monitoring work through early identification of patterns, trends and exceptions.

Review and create data queries and manipulations in SAS Enterprise Guide, or in other programming tools, to generate data for the metric and visualization system.

Research, test and recommend data visualization solutions to suit the department’s needs (e.g. Tableau, R, SAS Visual Analytics)

Lead the implementation and integration of the chosen data visualization application

Advise on the overall design of the IMM dashboard, including organization of common and private areas

Develop and administer a framework and set of standards for the scheduling and production of automated dashboards

Adapt and integrate existing and new market reports and metrics into a data visualization application

Directly contribute to designing and creating new situational awareness and surveillance dashboards

Interface and coordinate with IT to proactively address system needs

Provide consultation and training to department staff

Requirements:

B.S. in Computer Science, Business Intelligence or related degree and experience

Proficient in data acquisition and manipulation skills using the SAS language, SAS Enterprise Guide, and Oracle SQL.

Experience with business intelligence tools and data visualization concepts (i.e. Tableau, R, SAS Visual Analytics or similar)

Proven ability to collaborate with colleagues, generate discussion and ideas to solve business problems

Proven ability to apply visual design in creating easy to understand reports and dashboards

An interest in energy markets, specifically in their design, function and market behavior

Organized approach to developing that considers both the individual user’s needs as well as a broader framework or system when designing systems and processes

Able to work independently to manage your own schedule and projects

Location / Benefits:

ISO New England is located in Holyoke, MA. The company provides a base salary plus bonus, competitive Medical and Dental plan, paid vacation, 401k with company match, retirement plan and more. All benefits start on your first day.

Equal Opportunity

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer. Applicants for employment are considered without regard to race, creed, color, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, age, disability, status as a veteran, Vietnam Era Veteran, or being a member of the Reserves or National Guard.

Drug Free Environment

We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

Social Networking Notice

ISO New England reserves the right to review the candidate's postings on any social networking site accessible in the public domain as part of the candidate assessment process.
