Mission to Our Employees:

Teladoc Health is the global virtual care leader, offering the only comprehensive virtual care solution spanning telehealth, expert medical, and licensed platform services. Teladoc Health serves the world's leading insurers, employers, and health systems and helps millions of people around the world resolve their healthcare needs with confidence. We are committed to provide our Employees a stable work environment with equal opportunity for learning and personal growth. Creativity and innovation are encouraged for improving the effectiveness of Teladoc Health. Above all, Employees will be provided the same concern, respect, values and caring attitude within the organization that they are expected to share with our clients.

What we are looking for:

The Data Scientist role, in our newly formed Data Science Team within the Development Group, is responsible for designing and building intelligent solutions to solve some of the largest problems in telehealth. These will range from prototypes to production systems that automate, optimize and create efficiencies for sophisticated use-cases in healthcare. The position is based in the NYC/Southern CT metro area and will work regularly in our Purchase, NY office.

What you will do:

Assist in the design, development, and delivery of automated, scalable analytical systems to stakeholders.

Build features using classical Machine Learning methods.

Extend company data with third party sources of information when needed.

Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems.

Process, clean, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis.

Perform statistical and other ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner.

Interpret and communicate results with different business areas such as Product Development, Engineering, Operations, and Management.

Requirements:

PhD or MS. in Computer Science, Information Systems, Operations Research, Computational Economics, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related field required.

Relevant work/internship experience required.

Experience designing analytic or algorithmic solutions in a corporate environment.

Healthcare industry experience preferred.

Familiarity with Deep Learning methods is a plus.

Ability to clean, transform, and merge data in a procedural language like Python.

Strong verbal and written communication, influencing and partnership skills.

Experience developing software in traditional programming languages (C++, Ruby, etc..).

Proven ability to work on a significant work or personal project (ie Kaggle).

Company Benefits:

Very competitive salary & equity compensation

Excellent health, dental, vision coverage

401k benefits with employer matching contribution; immediately vested

Awesome people to work with

Becoming a part of a movement in telemedicine and building something that matters

For a more detailed look at our company and values, visit out website at https://teladochealth.com/en/about/

At Teladoc Health we thrive on difference and individuality. Teladoc Health is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
