Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Data Science team is looking to add an analyst on the Product Data Science team who will help shape product development decisions and business strategy through data-driven insights as it relates to one of our newest product line – Invest & Advice. Invest & Advice comprises of our wealth management, brokerage and advice products with an exciting product roadmap for 2019. Success in this role hinges on your technical aptitude, quantitative abilities, and business acumen: you know how to plow through data with SQL/Python/R/Tableau, surface insights using math/statistics/ML techniques, and measure the business impact using efficiency/conversion/profit metrics. You treat stakeholders as a partnership – you are there at each step of the way and you know that we only succeed if we succeed together.

SoFi is a new kind of consumer finance company. Our ambition is to help our members achieve financial independence and reach their goals. We aim to be at the center of our members’ financial lives, and to help them get their money right. By creating the student loan refinancing offering, we’ve addressed the biggest financial challenge of a new generation through a modern approach to lending and personal finance. Now we’re expanding our products and services across other types of loans, wealth management, spending accounts, and insurance.

SoFi has achieved significant scale. We’ve raised nearly $2 billion in funding since 2011, have over 700,000 members, lent out over $25 billion, and are one of the largest top ten issuers of asset-backed securities in the U.S. But we’re just getting started. To continue with our ambitious mission, we need you.

Responsibilities

Work with amazing product managers to identify business opportunities, measure KPIs to craft compelling stories, make data-driven recommendations, and drive informed actions

Craft, analyze, and present customer behavior metrics, such as funnel conversion, user churn, cart abandonment, and cross-sell metrics.

Work with product managers to design tests to improve these metrics

Own end-to-end product analytics workflow including formulating success metrics, socializing them across the organization, and creating dashboards/reports

Write specs and work with engineering to capture new data and transfer data into data warehouse.

Act as a curator of data by defining, instrumenting, and tracking necessary analytics of our products by working cross functionally with engineering and product teams

Build self-service systems to enable others in the organization to leverage your work

Stay focused on what’s best for the company – sometimes that requires being flexible, other times it requires being steadfast

Desired Skills and Experience

3-5 years of experience in a data-driven role with a proven track record of translating data insights into actionable business strategies

Experience with SQL is required. Knowledge of R/Python to manipulate large datasets is required

Prior experience in developing and maintaining dashboards in Tableau is strongly preferred

An ideal candidate will have some financial industry knowledge from a prior role preferably in wealth management or brokerage products

Intellectual curiosity and aptitude to pick up new technical skills

Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance

Ability to influence outcomes and communicate technical content to general audiences

Knowledge of statistical modeling or machine learning is preferred but not a requirement

Bachelor or master’s degree in computer science, Math, Physics, Engineering or quantitative field

Benefits

Competitive salary packages and bonuses

Comprehensive medical, dental, vision and life insurance as well as disability benefits

100% of medical, vision, and dental premiums paid by SoFI for employees and their dependents

Generous vacation and holidays

401(k) and education on retirement planning

Tuition reimbursement on approved programs, up to $5,250 a year

Monthly contribution to help you pay off your student loans

Employer paid lunch program and subsidized gym membership

LI#-CP1

 SoFi is a new kind of finance company. From unprecedented products and tools to faster service and open conversations, we’re all about he...
