Division: Mobility

Business Unit: Intelligent Traffic Systems

Requisition Number: 239052

Primary Location: United States-Texas-Austin

Assignment Category: Full-time regular

Experience Level: Mid level

Education Required Level: Bachelor's Degree

Travel Required: 10%

Division Description:

If you really want to make a difference - make it with Siemens.

Siemens is a global technology powerhouse that has stood for engineering excellence, innovation, quality, reliability and internationally for more than 165 years. As a global technology company, Siemens is rigorously leveraging the advantages that this setup provides. To tap business opportunities in both new and established markets, the Company is organized in seven Divisions: Power and Gas, Power Generation Services, Energy Management, Building Technologies, Digital Factory, Process

Industries and Drives, and Financial Services.

Committed to the safe and reliable transportation of people and goods by rail and road, Siemens Mobility designs and manufactures across the entire spectrum of rolling stock, including commuter and regional

passenger trains, light rail and streetcars, metros, locomotives, passenger coaches, and high-speed trainsets. In the U.S., Siemens is providing rail vehicles, locomotives, components and systems to more than 25 agencies in cities such as D.C., New York, Boston, Sacramento, San Diego, and St. Louis.

For more information, please visit:

https://www.siemens.com/us/en/home/company/about/businesses/mobility.html

With over 372,000 people working at Siemens, it would be hard to define one single culture. However, we do have values which we like to live by. They're things like providing honest, open feedback, encouraging people to take ownership of projects and supporting entrepreneurialism in the workplace. We like to act as a team at Siemens. We believe if we all work as one, together we can make the world a smarter place.

Job Description:

Siemens Intelligent Traffic Systems is creating a new Data Analytics & Application Center to develop data-driven functions for even smarter management of road traffic, specific fleets such as eBikes and intermodal mobility. To do this, we work closely with our customers and partners with agile methods and rapid prototyping in line with a lean, start-up mentality. In this environment, you will use your expertise in Big Data, Data Analytics and Machine Learning to help shape ecologically sustainable smart traffic for the future - along with underlying functions for autonomous driving.

Your new role - challenging and future-oriented

As part of the new Data Center/Digital Lab, we are hiring for a Data Scientist to develop innovative solutions for exploratory data analysis in complex data structures in order to identify unknown relationships in data from traffic management systems, traffic lights, vehicles & other 3rd party sources. You will also identify and integrate relevant data and create reusable analytical models, categorize them in the analytics platform to visualize the results. Working with our customers and partners, you will focus on modern data analytics, machine learning, and industrial applications to further the digitalization of the transportation industry.

Qualifications for this role will include:

Bachelor Degree in Information Technology, Mathematics, Physics, or Engineering; Master or PhD preferred

5-7 years of experience in the design and implementation of complex data analytics and in the field of “data discovery” and exploratory data analytics

5-7 years of experience with methods and algorithms in data analytics (especially data mining and machine learning) and the application of statistical methods and development of algorithms

Proven track record of implementing multi-disciplinary Big Data projects – working directly with customers

Experienced in using analytical tools (Spotfire/Tableau) for data mining and have a good understanding of ETL/ELT concepts

Knowledge of the software development process as well as good programming skills in Java, Python, C#, C++, relational databases (SQL) and NoSQL databases/Hadoop

Excellent communication and presentation skills

Why Siemens?

In addition to an incredible career opportunity, we offer:

A competitive base salary

Excellent health/vision/dental plans, 401k match, tuition reimbursement, & 18 days of PTO to start

Extensive training along with career development

We aim to hire top talent and provide them with opportunities to earn top dollar. Siemens is a great place to have a career in an innovative environment. If you're interested in becoming a Data Scientist with Siemens Mobility, we'll offer you the support and career advancement to make it happen!

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.

#LI-AW1

 Siemens is a global powerhouse focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalization. One of the world’s largest produc...
