Read what people are saying about working here. 

As the healthcare industry continues to rapidly transform, our IT team conceives, develops and delivers impactful technology solutions to support access to quality, affordable healthcare for our members. We are driven by our collective company purpose: To do everything in our power to stand with our members in sickness and in health®. Our IT team unleashes the power of this purpose through technology. We come to work every day to make a difference, and we deliver the highest quality and best solutions to our members.

Job Purpose:

This position is responsible for employing advanced analytical techniques to create and drive adoption of data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers. They will use data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights. They will leverage domain expertise and communication skills to identify data-based solutions to customer needs, and present and explain technical findings to non-technical audiences to promote data-driven decision making. They will create analytical processes for automated machine driven decision making where human decision making is not scalable or feasible.

Job Responsibilities:

Apply data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights.

Leverage domain expertise and communication skills to identify data-based solutions to customer needs.

Develop, create, and implement data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers.

Develop, create, and implement analytical processes for automated machine driven decision making where human decision making is not scalable or feasible.

Present and explain technical findings to non-technical audiences to promote data-driven decision making.

Identify new data sources, drive collection of data, and identify use cases for existing data sources.

Document steps and data sources and ensure that models and processes are easily understandable and maintainable.

Communicate and interact effectively and professionally with co-workers, management, customers, etc.

Comply with HIPAA, Diversity Principles, Corporate Integrity, Compliance Program policies and other applicable corporate and departmental policies.

Maintain communication with management regarding development within areas of assigned responsibilities and perform special projects as required or requested.

Required Job Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree and 3 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Actuarial credential or Master s degree and 2 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Ph.D. in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR 6 years’ experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field.

Strong learning and growth mindset

Customer-focused

Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.

Must demonstrate proficiency in at least four of the following six areas:

1) data analysis and relational-style query languages

2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling

3) data visualization

4) a high-level programming language

5) distributed computing

6) understanding of healthcare

Proficiency with Microsoft applications including Access, Excel, Word and Power Point.

Preferred Job Qualifications:

Masters or Ph.D. in a quantitative field, or bachelor’s degree with significant healthcare experience.

HCSC is committed to diversity in the workplace and to providing equal opportunity and affirmative action to employees and applicants. We are an Equal Opportunity Employment / Affirmative Action employer dedicated to workforce diversity and a drug-free and smoke-free workplace. Drug screening and background investigation are required, as allowed by law. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.

Requirements:

Expertise 

Information Technology

Job Type 

Full-Time Regular

Location 

TX - Richardson

HCSC is committed to diversity in the workplace and to providing equal opportunity and affirmative action to employees and applicants.

If you are an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran and need an accommodation or assistance in either using the Careers website or completing the application process, you can email us here to request reasonable accommodations.

Please note that only requests for accommodations in the application process will be returned. All applications, including resumes, must be submitted through HCSC's Career website on-line application process. If you have general questions regarding the status of an existing application, navigate to "my account" and click on "View your job submissions".

 Imagine Something New, Something Different.
See the world in fresh and vibrant ways. When you reimagine, perspectives change, potential ...
