Our client is looking to hire a Senior Data Scientist with strong Machine Learning and software engineering background. This role is located is a direct hire role. DESCRIPTION: This position is part of an internal data science consulting team responsible for the delivery and support of analytic capabilities for upstream, midstream, and downstream. The function of this role is to partner with the business to identify opportunities to apply analytic tools and data science to achieve business value. This will include requirements gathering execution and deployment of new functionality; while providing operational support (troubleshooting, enhancements, bug fixes, etc.) for existing solutions. The successful candidate that fills this position will have the skills to design, prototype, create, and support analytical solutions and insights. Responsibilities for this position may include but are not limited to: • Builds and maintains strong working relationships with business partners; meeting regularly to understand their business problems and potential analytic needs for solving those problems. • Frames business problems, identify alternatives, and collaborate on solutions with other business analysts, architects, and stakeholders. May include other activities as required, such as development, training, etc. • Applies data science and analytic techniques. • Have working knowledge of tools and concepts in the Hadoop ecosystem • Identifies and frames opportunities to apply advanced analytics, modeling, and related technologies to data, in order to help the business gain insight and improve decision-making, workflow, and automation. • Leverages statistical and data science methodologies to perform regressions, predictive models, distributions, etc • Transforms, filters, formats, extracts data using technologies such as SQL and OLAP. • Cleans data, developing models, and testing models. • Establishes life cycle management process for models. • Visualizes data in a meaningful way that allows the business to quickly draw conclusions and make decisions. • Build and support solutions which leverage a variety of technologies, such as: • TIBCO Spotfire • Microsoft Business Intelligence tools (e.g. PowerBI, SSAS Cubes) and Microsoft Azure analytics services • Relational Database Systems • Stays abreast of the Companies Modeling & Analytics Center of Excellence guidelines and coordinate activities accordingly. • Follows documented processes, standards and guidelines, and make suggestions for improvements and simplifications where needed.
