Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

Our Insurance Analytics business is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to serve as a resource in the conception and development of new predictive modeling initiatives.

 Responsibilities

Under some supervision, executes data analysis and modeling projects from project/sample design, reception and processing of data, performing analyses and modeling to final reports/presentations, communication of results and sales support

Utilizes advanced statistical techniques to create high-performing predictive models and creative analyses, that are in compliance with regulatory and privacy requirements, to address business objectives and client needs.

Provides technical sales support, which may include various analyses and the preparation and presentation of analytical results.

Tests new statistical analysis methods, software and data sources for continual improvement of quantitative solutions. Shares knowledge within the analytics group.

Creates clear and easy to understand reports and/or PowerPoint decks for client meetings or third party collaborations. Verbally presents analysis ideas, progress and results to internal managers, external partners and customers

Communicates with internal groups on data specifications and with IT engineers on model/algorithm implementation.

Follows detailed project plans to ensure projects are completed on time and within budget. Provides high quality ongoing customer/partner support; answering questions, resolving problems and building solutions.

Qualifications

Graduate-level degree with concentration in a quantitative discipline such as statistics computer science, mathematics, economics, or operations research.

Strong verbal and written communications skills, listening and teamwork skills, and effective presentation skills. This is absolutely essential since you will have a lot of exposure to different internal groups (data, IT, product and sales) as well as third-party partners and customers (insurance companies).

2+ years of relevant work experience including 1 year of statistical modeling and data mining in a P&C insurance context (insurance company or insurance consulting firm) using large and complex datasets. Experience with personal lines rating plan modeling is a strong plus. Life or health insurance experience is a bonus.

Expertise in statistical modeling techniques such as linear regression, logistic regression, GLM, tree models, cluster analysis, principal components, and feature creation, validation.

Programming experience with SAS (STAT, macros, EM), R and other statistical software (CART, Emblem, SPSS, Matlab). Greenplum and UNIX experience is a plus. AWS experience is also a plus.

Detail-oriented technical aptitude with strong logical, problem solving, and decision-making skills. Excellent organization/planning skills and talent for managing many large and complex datasets.

Aptitude in performing multiple tasks and dealing with changing deadline requirements. This includes knowing when to escalate issues. Maintains a focused, flexible, organized, and proactive manner

Verisk Analytics is an equal opportunity employer.

All members of the Verisk Analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability.

http://www.verisk.com/careers.html

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
