AWS Data Scientist- Boulder, CO -130-150k Want to be involved in discovering the latest insights within technology? Our client is looking for a Data Scientist to join the team! If you're looking to expand your career horizons, this opportunity is for you! Experience: Mine and analyze data from company data sources to drive optimization and improvement of product development and business strategies Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new / alternative data sources and data gathering techniques Develop scalable custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets Develop statistical and machine learning models to fill in knowledge gaps Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes Requirements: Experience working with and creating data architectures Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, Tensorflow, Scikit-learn) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. Strong problem-solving and critical thinking skills Excellent verbal/written communication & data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams Contact Details: Looking to fill this position immediately. If interested, please contact j.ricard@jeffersonfrank.com or call 215-600-0481. Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professional on the planet. Back by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivaled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve- one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
