AWS Data Scientist- Computer Software- Minnesota- $200K This growing inventive IT Engineering and Business company is looking for a talented Data Scientist who is interested in building an internal data warehouse as well as analyzing the usage data of the company. You will be working closely with a variety of people to follow trends and make decisions based on the patterns seen. The ideal candidate will have advanced knowledge in utilizing Spark, AWS, and coding. Responsibilities Integrating the data warehouse with the company's CRM and BI services Create reports and dashboards as well as simplify the data Communicate information about the products to the engineering and product management teams Requirements Strong general communication skills as well as with C-level executives Experience with Hadoop, SQL, R, Python, and other languages and databases Client-facing or consulting experience Open to 30% travel This innovative company is looking for a Data Scientists like you! The remote/travel work featured in this position allows for a greater balance in your work and social life, giving you the opportunity to spend your time how you want. The company also allows the ability for you to strengthen your knowledge in data analysis while adding value to their company through your experience. Interviews have already begun so if you are interested in applying or know someone who is please contact Amy Phan immediately at a.phan@jeffersonfrank.com with an updated resume, or call 972-437-8259. Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS and DevOps jobs than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS and DevOps market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS / DevOps jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Amazon Web Services candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the AWS market and some of the opportunities and AWS jobs that are available I can be contacted on 972-437-8259. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more fantastic Amazon Web Services opportunities! Jefferson Frank Inc. is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. AWS/DevOps/AWS DevOps/Amazon Web Services/Site Reliability Engineer/Minneapolis/Java/ Python/Ruby/Ruby on Rails/Docker/Kubernetes/Jenkins/Ansible/Puppet/Chef
