Read what people are saying about working here. 

Company presentation

World leader in gases, technologies and services for Industry and Health, Air Liquide is present in 80 countries with approximately 65,000 employees and serves more than 3 million customers and patients. Oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen have been at the core of the company’s activities since its creation in 1902. Air Liquide’s ambition is to be the leader in its industry, delivering long-term performance and acting responsibly.

Entity and activity description

The science of electronics is transforming exponentially through innovation and connectivity around the planet. Every day, breakthroughs are making technologies – from micro-processors, memory chips and flat panels to photovoltaic cells – even smaller and more powerful, opening up countless new possibilities in how the world lives, works and connects. Air Liquide Advanced Materials grows by enabling our customers to innovate. Our ALOHA™ and Voltaix® products are critical to the manufacturer of the newest computer chips required for Big Data and the Internet of Things.

Candidate must have valid employment authorization in the U.S. and must not require visa sponsorship now or in the future. This position is not open for non-immigrant visa sponsorship.

Job Responsibilities

Located in Branchburg, NJ.

Main responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Setting up within ALAM capabilities and running computer modelling for ALD precursors and reactions, in close collaboration with other simulation groups in R&D and with Productization groups world wide

Improving ALAM’s KM systems and processes

Completes assigned training

Required Qualifications

PhD in one of the following disciplines: Computer Science, or Science or Engineering with significant experience in data analytics and numerical simulation

Strong academic background in organic, inorganic and organometallic chemistry

Hands on experience on specialized molecular modelling software (Schödinger or like)

Excellent communication skills and experience working in a collaborative environment

 Air Liquide has over 2,600 employees working to supply more than 200,000 customers and patients across Canada. Established in all of the ...
