Description:

Benson Hill Biosystems empowers innovators to unlock the global genetic potential of plants benefiting people and our planet. We are building the future of agricultural genomics and looking for talented and passionate individuals who will help us drive our vision. Our core values will inspire you to be bold, innovate through collaboration, work hard and smart, and have fun while doing so!

We are actively seeking a Data Scientist/Statistician to join our Data Science and Platform Engineering Team. You will work closely with Benson Hill scientists, data scientists and project leaders to help maximize the impact we have on Benson Hill's and our partners' experimental programs and product pipelines.

You'll make an impact by:

Establishing and optimizing designs for field, greenhouse and lab experiments.

Completing data integration, statistical analysis and interpreting completed experiments.

Participating in the design of hypothesis-driven experiments and analyses.

Recommending and editing research designs that optimize our ability to accurately address key questions.

Managing data integration for discovery experiments.

Performing analysis on experimental outputs and interpreting results.

Communicating results in written and visual formats to program and company leaders.

Requirements:

You have:

Strong planning, organization, critical thinking, and problem solving skills.

PhD in applied biological science or mathematics, physics, engineering, statistics, or closely related field with formal training in statistics and experimental design.

At least 5 years of experience developing and analyzing complex datasets.

Expertise in applying statistical concepts, approaches, packages and libraries, programming and conducting analyses in R.

Background and experience with Python, using AWS or other cloud architectures a plus.

Excellent communication skills and the ability to work in a collaborative, team-oriented environment.

A track record of producing deliverables and meeting tight deadlines.

Ability to work autonomously, identify key tasks, and develop solutions to challenges.

Familiarity with crop science and agronomic applications and modeling a plus.

Experience working with a breeding or ag biotech organization preferred.

We have:

A flexible PTO program with a focus on work/life balance.

Competitive medical benefits and retirement savings plan.

FREE dental coverage.

Education reimbursement.

PAID parental leave.

And more!

 Benson Hill Biosystems is an agricultural solutions company that unlocks the global genetic potential of plants to enhance the sustainabi...
