This position is responsible for providing advanced mathematical and statistical concepts and theories to analyze and collect data and construct solutions to business problems; performing complex statistical analysis on experimental or business data to validate and quantify trends or patterns identified by business analysts; constructing predictive models, algorithms and probability engines to support data analysis or product functions; verifying model and algorithm effectiveness based on real-world results; designing experiments and methodologies to generate and collect data for business use. Responsible for aiding tactical decision making by using predictive and prescriptive remodeling; and extracting actionable insights by identifying patterns in structured and unstructured data.  1. Deliver high-quality internal analytics / data science solutions.  2. Manage analytics delivery plans, scope (number and type of analyses, assumptions), and timelines.  3. Lead and manage the design and optimization of predictive algorithms and / or processes using advanced statistical / mathematical forecasting approaches.  4. Drive the implementation of the solution through dedicated resources as well through coordination with other internal delivery product teams and cross-functional teams.  5. Productize proven algorithms in a timely manner. Measure and improve the quality of analytics solutions on an ongoing basis.  6. Closely work with business partners and lines of business to enhance outputs, trouble-shoot data sourcing issues, etc.  7. Provide advanced mathematical and statistical concepts and theories to analyze and collect data and construct solutions to business problems.  8. Oversee complex statistical analysis on experimental or business data to validate and quantify trends or patterns identified by business analysts.  9. Manage predictive models, algorithms and probability engines to support data analysis or product functions; verifies model and algorithm effectiveness based on real-world results.  10. Manage the designs experiments and methodologies to generate and collect data for business use.  11. Leading initiatives to analyze complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources.  12. Communicate and interact effectively and professionally with co-workers, management, customers, etc.  13. Comply with HIPAA, Diversity Principles, Corporate Integrity, Compliance Program policies and other applicable corporate and departmental policies.  14. Maintain complete confidentiality of company business.  15. Maintain communication with management regarding development within areas of assigned responsibilities and perform special projects as required or requested. 
