One of our top clients in Fayetteville, NC has an opening for a Data Scientist. If interested, please send the most up-to-date copy of your resume to Zach at [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]. Summary: As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve the military operations community. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help our military leaders make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. As a technical leader, you’ll identify new opportunities to use data science solutions to help your customers meet their toughest challenges. Join us as we use data science for good in support of operations.  We know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. -5+ years of experience as a data scientist -Experience with building statistical models and developing machine learning algorithms -Experience with managing a data scientist team -Experience with programming languages, including Python, R, Scala, or Java -Experience with big data technologies, including HDFS, Hadoop, or Spark -Experience with deep learning paradigms and frameworks -Experience with manipulating data and ETL in parallel processing and distributed compute environments -Experience with designing and executing machine learning models and applications -TS/SCI clearance -MA or MS degree Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
