Read what people are saying about working here. 

All Locations: Chantilly, VA (Virginia)

A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning clandestine to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career?

Responsibilities

SUMMARY OF RESPONSIBILITIES

The Data Science and Predictive Analytics Department applies data analytics, machine learning, and statistical analysis to diverse data types in order to address our customers analytic needs. The candidate we seek will work with team members across multiple internal organizations and customers to develop innovative data driven solutions.

KEY FUNCTIONS

We have a current need for a Data Scientist/Data Analytics Developer to:

Provide expertise in data analytics and algorithm development supporting the integration and analysis of diverse data sources.

Ability to run and adapt existing machine learning, data mining and statistical algorithms for pattern recognition and anomaly detection

Ability to create, develop, evolve, and improve machine learning, data mining, statistical, and predictive analytics algorithms for pattern recognition and anomaly detection on large diverse data sets.

Design, develop and advance new methods to extract information from diverse data sources using flexible querying methods, innovative visualization, and data aggregation/integration, data mining and analytical techniques.

Ability to understand the physical phenomenologies in the data

Familiarity with data fusion techniques to help develop automated data aggregation applications

Ability to create modular, hierarchical applications that assist in the automation of human activities

Utilize technical knowledge to deliver high quality support to multiple Federal Government customers including the oversight of other contractors.

Qualifications

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

BS degree in data science, statistics, applied mathematics or computer science. Degrees in a physical science or engineering with a background in data analytics are also acceptable.

0 – 1 year experience implementing machine learning, data mining, and statistical algorithms for pattern recognition and the development of predictive models

Strong programming skills in at least one of the following languages: Python, R, Matlab, C++, and JAVA are required. Python preferred

Strong written and oral communication skills

Must be able to work effectively within a diverse team of data scientists, software engineers, and intelligence analysts.

This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Advanced degree (MS/PhD) in data science, mathematics, statistics, computer science, a physical science or engineering

Strong software development skills

Experience in Deep Learning

Experience in Natural Language Processing

Background in image science, imagery exploitation, spatial analysis, and computer visio

Experience developing data visualizations or visual analytics applications

Experience with a wide range of databases

Transcript Requirement

Transcripts are required for this position.

Additional Requisition Details

System Job Title: MTS-ASSOCIATE

Clearance Requirement: TS/SSBI

Access: SCI

Polygraph: Counter Intelligence Polygraph

Relocation Available: [[relo]]

Employment Type: Regular

Work Schedule: Full Time

Company Statement

The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.

From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world.

Equal Opportunity Commitment

The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or disability status.

You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

Nearest Major Market: Washington DC

Job Segment: Scientific, Database, Developer, Engineer, Security Clearance, Engineering, Technology, Government

 The Aerospace Corporation is an independent, non-profit company that provides objective technical analyses and assessments for national s...
