$65,000 - $73,000 a year

VCCS has recently established a research partnership with the Nudge4 Lab at the University of Virginia and has identified a prioritized set of projects with the goals of increasing enrollment, graduation, and workforce outcomes, particularly for disadvantaged and at-risk populations. The SDS will work jointly with VCCS and UVA staff on large-scale projects that harness advance data analytic strategies to identify people most in need of additional support and to provide these individuals with highly tailored information about educational and workforce opportunities that position them for economic success. Specifically, the SDS will be primarily responsible for (1) enhancing data infrastructure and streamlining access to and linking of data sets and (2) executing data analyses, including both traditional econometric and more advanced machine learning methods, for a set of high-priority projects. This position is ideal for candidates with advanced research skills who are passionate about putting data to work to help people achieve greater economic independence and well-being. How You Will Contribute The SDS will be responsible for conducting the advanced data analysis required for these projects, including (but not limited to): ?? Creating and managing an integrated data system that merges in detailed individual-level data from multiple sources, such as student transcripts and quarterly employment records ?? Conducting detailed descriptive or quasi-experimental analyses to develop testable hypotheses, identify target populations, and to populate intervention materials. ?? Building and testing advanced predictive models (e.g. random forests, neural networks) to identify at-risk populations who would benefit from outreach interventions. ?? Building and testing advanced algorithms to provide target populations with highly-personalized recommendations, e.g. a recommended set of courses that will maximize a student's probability for on-time graduation. ?? Developing advanced randomization protocols to assign treatment variations among an eligible sample ?? Tracking user engagement throughout the life of interventions ?? Performing rigorous impact analysis once interventions have ended ?? Working collaboratively with other members of the Nudge4 research team to design, conduct, assess the quality of, and report data analytic tasks. ?? Supervising more basic data work to be performed by Nudge4 research assistants. ?? Keeping detailed records on the status of each projects' data tasks, and ensuring that these tasks are completed in accordance with relevant timelines ?? Using multiple programs and languages to perform a variety of data tasks, namely Stata,R/Python, and SAS The SDS will be involved with all project planning activities, and will participate in regularly scheduled check-ins between VCCS and UVA Nudge4 partner staff. The SDS will play an important role in conversations to determine prioritization of current and upcoming projects, development of new projects, and the overall direction of the research partnership. The SDS will be offered co-authorship on resulting academic publications for projects on which they make substantial contributions. This position will be located in Richmond, VA, but will likely require weekly visits to Charlottesville, VA.

Minimum Qualifications 

?? A Bachelor's degree or combination of relevant education and experience that provide the required level of knowledge, skills and ability to successfully perform the functions of the job requirements. ?? Strong coursework in advanced econometrics, both theoretical and applied ?? Expert-level Stata and SAS skills ?? 1+ years' experience working in R, Python, and SAS or willingness to learn before beginning position ?? Theoretical and applied knowledge of machine learning algorithms, both supervised and unsupervised, or willingness to learn before beginning the position ?? 3+ years' experience conducting rigorous quantitative research, either in a role as a graduate student or professional researcher ?? Proven track record of working as part of a team, either in academic or business setting ?? Excellent written and oral communication skills ?? The ability to take initiative, work independently, and effectively manage one's own time ?? Highly organized and able to work across multiple projects at the same time. ?? Strong interpersonal skills; ability to communicate diplomatically and effectively with people from all backgrounds and viewpoints ?? Flexibility with weekly travel between Richmond and Charlottesville, VA.

Preferred Qualifications 

?? A Master's degree in economics, public policy, data science, statistics or a related field with advanced coursework in research methods plus three or more experience in conducting rigorous research. A PhD is a plus. ?? 1+ years' experience building and testing machine learning algorithms ?? 1+ years' experience using other advanced data science methods, including web scraping, PDF scraping, data visualization, or natural language processing ?? Experience implementing and evaluating RCTs with partners in the public or non-profit sectors ?? Experience researching or working with higher-education data ?? Knowledge of key tenets of applied behavioral economics, and experience incorporating into behaviorally-informed intervention content ?? Experience collaborating with other researchers using GitHub

Special Requirements 

We will have the following application requirements: Round 1 ?? Resume ?? Cover letter Round 2 a. Writing sample b. Skills assessment TBD c. 2-3 letters of recommendation from someone who has first-hand knowledge of the quality of the candidate's analytic skills (e.g. PhD advisor, immediate supervisor if coming from a professional RA job)
