Schneider Electric™creates connected technologies that reshape industries, transform cities and enrich lives. Our 144,000 employees thrive in more than 100 countries. From the simplest of switches to complex operational systems, our technology, software and services improve the way our customers manage and automate their operations.Help us deliver solutions that ensure Life Is On everywhere, for everyone and at every moment:https://youtu.be/NlLJMv1Y7Hk. Great people make Schneider Electric a great company. The energy industry is entering a period of unprecedented change and new opportunities for growth are emerging rapidly. The Energy & Sustainability Services (ESS) division within Schneider Electric provides energy management and sustainability consulting services to many of the world’s leading companies. We are looking for innovation leaders who are passionate about incubating, testing, and animating transformational ideas to enable profitable growth for the company. Schneider Electric is looking for a passionate, talented, and inventive “Applied Data Scientists” with a strong machine learning and data science background to help build industry-leading machine learning tools in the energy and sustainability management industry. As a member of the ESS team, you will collaborate with technology and business teams to build new services and help our existing teams be more productive.  You will be working with terabytes of structured and unstructured data to solve real-world problems. You will design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways of optimizing risk, profitability, and customer experience.  What do you get to do in this position? Design and develop optimization techniques and tools to identify trends in complex, large, structured and unstructured data sets. Design and develop simulation tools that prove optimal ML, deep learning, and AI models. Collaborate with other business team resources to identify, develop, test, and new ideas. Apply knowledge of technology with knowledge of contemporary business models to synthesize potential opportunities.  
