Data Scientist Orlando, FL $120-140K Job Description - A highly respected client is seeking a skilled Data Scientist on a permanent basis to assist in a large scale implementation project with high profile clients. The Data Scientist will work closely with data developers and engineers across different business units to build data products that will improve overall company performance. The ideal Data Scientist will possess excellent communication skills as well as being extremely technical working writing code, solving complex problems and working in a cutting-edge cloud-based platform. The ideal candidate will have superb communication skills along with being a team player who is able to work effectively in a team and on an individual basis. Location - USA, Florida, Orlando This client is located in the city of Orlando and has very good transport links within walking distance of the company. Roles and Responsibilities; - Extensive hands on experience in Data Science, Analytics, or Statistics. - Must have hands on experience working with Statistical Inference/Predictive Analysis and methodologies. - Experience working with Machine Learning and common Data Science tools. - Extensive experience working with SQL, R, SAS, Hadoop and other database query tools. - Analyzing data to develop predictive models. Creating, managing, and maintaining analytically rigorous data. Skills + Qualifications; - Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Engineering, and 5 years of related work experience preferred. - Hands on experience with Big Data Hadoop technologies such as Spark, Hive, and Nifi. - Must have hands on experience with Python, Scala, and R programming languages. - Strong experience using Statistical tools such as SPSS, SAS , or ScPy. - Proven experience with in Data Science toolsets such as Spark, Tensorflow, R, Python, or Anaconda. - Efficiently access data via multiple vectors (e.g. NFS, FTP, SSH, SQL, Sqoop, Flume, Spark) Company Rewards; - Salary $120k-140k - Full benefits - Open minded and Innovative Environment To Apply- Please email me an updated resume at t.cowieson@jeffersonfrank.com, or contact me by phone at (813)-437-6891. Jefferson Frank International is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS and Big Data jobs than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS and Big Data market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS / Big Data jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Amazon Web Services candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the AWS market and some of the opportunities and AWS jobs that are available I can be contacted at: t.cowieson@jeffersonfrank.com. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more fantastic Amazon Web Services opportunities! Jefferson Frank International is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
