Read what people are saying about working here. 

Overview and Responsibilities

In this role, you will join an exciting new department at Viacom (Content Innovation Analytics ) that touches all of the hottest topics in the TV research industry today… big data, data visualization, predictive content/show analytics, total cross-platform consumption and forecasting, and most importantly, translation of data into new products, visuals, tools, and insights.

As a Jr. Data Scientist, you will be part of our Data Science team where you will analyze data from different sources, apply advance analytics, statistical techniques and machine learning to generate deeper knowledge of the TV viewers. You will partner closely with key stakeholders throughout the company (including the Product and Research teams devoted to Viacom’s Music and Entertainment brands: MTV, Comedy Central, Paramount Network, VH1, BET, etc.) in order to help build new data-driven products and tools.

Core Responsibilities

Our team is looking for an experienced, hands-on Jr. Data Scientist with a passion for heterogeneous data, out-of-the-box thinking, problem solving, as well as experience in big data, statistics and machine learning. You will work with a tight data and product team consisting of TV experts who will define the business cases, data scientists who will model the data for continuous insights and solutions, and full stack engineers who will focus on visualization. More specifically, core responsibilities will include the following:

Understand all types of data sets (e.g., metered measurement data, other syndicated data, survey data, social data) to be able to data mine complex data and transform into actionable insights

Conduct advanced analysis, run foresting models, create segments, etc. on behavioral and attitudinal data to ultimately drive insights and build new data delivery tools

Work across the company to facilitate a central repository and processing for all data, including standardized reporting and critical metrics

Work on ad hoc analysis for all key partners

Basic Qualifications

2+ years of hands-on experience in large-scale data analysis, statistics and machine learning

BA/BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or other related quantitative field (or equivalent practical experience)

1-2 years’ professional experience at a media company is preferred

Expertise in Python, R and SQL

Experience in databases (eg. Redshift, PostgreSQL, Redis) is preferred

Additional Qualifications

Understand all types of data sets (e.g., metered measurement data, other syndicated data, survey data, social data)

Creative thought leader and problem solver who thrives in a ‘think tank-ish’ entrepreneurial environment

Strong team player and contributor, leader, manager, mentor, and positive catalyst

Effective verbal and written communication skills to be able to work successfully with key partners, communicate with upper management, and drive enthusiasm and adoption of new products

Ability to multi-task, work under deadlines, work independently, within a very dynamic, fast-paced, and forward thinking environment

Experience in working with, and passionate about: data science, big data, survey data, social data, cloud environments, data platform architecture, BI, data visualization, data automation

 Viacom Inc. (Viacom) is an entertainment content company. The Company engages audiences on television, motion picture, Internet, mobile a...
