Read what people are saying about working here. The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the military operations community. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help our military leaders make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in support of operations.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.

You Have:

3+ years of experience as a data scientist and managing a data scientist team

Experience with building statistical models and developing machine learning algorithms

Experience with data visualization and programming languages, including Python, R, Scala, or Java

Experience with big data technologies, including HDFS, Hadoop, and Spark

Experience with deep learning paradigms and frameworks

Experience with manipulating data and ETL in parallel processing and distributed compute environments

Experience with developing and deriving statistical methodologies for data analysis

Experience with designing and executing machine learning models and applications

Secret clearance

BA or BS degree

Nice If You Have:

2+ years of experience as a developer with Java, Python, R, or similar high-level languages

2+ years of experience with designing novel data analytic methods and workflows, including full data pipelines from raw data through analysis results

2+ years of experience in managing disparate data sources with varying data structures of content and preparing these for data science and machine learning applications

Experience in working with big data storage, processing, and computation, including one or more of Accumulo, Spark, Storm, Kafka, or MapReduce

Ability to manage and manipulate large data sets, develop data science approaches, and manage data science tasks

Ability to leverage a wide variety of data science capabilities and languages

Ability to exhibit flexibility, initiative, and innovation when dealing with ambiguous and fast-paced situations

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.

SIG2017 We harness our collective brainpower to solve our clients’ toughest problems using consulting, analytics, digital solutions, engineering,...
