Read what people are saying about working here. 

Date: Mar 5, 2019

Job Summary

We are looking for a talented Data Scientist to join an ever-growing ambitious team of Data Scientists in Ericsson! This position will join local and global fellow scientists working on a variety of data science projects linked to Ericsson’s products and services at our Plano HQ.

Responsibilities & Tasks

Conduct product development studies based on Machine Learning/AI techniques targeting implementation into mobile telecom networks and network management products such as self-healing, self-maintenance, and self-optimization

Perform telecom network investigations with domain experts to understand system behavior and network performance. Based on network data analysis, identify performance improvement areas and develop ML-driven actions for implementing them

Evolve methods to analyze network performance and system behavior using all available data sources

Understand, adapt and apply machine learning and AI techniques in the telecom network context for product monitoring, product troubleshooting and product implementation purposes. Develop new techniques if required

Position Qualifications

M.Sc. or equivalent working experience in data science

Excellent understanding of applied mathematics and statistics

7 to 10 years of documented experience in machine learning, deep learning, data mining and big data modeling, especially in time series analysis, classification, regression, clustering and recommender systems

Familiar with Big Data management techniques (e.g. Hadoop ecosystem, SPARK, Flink)

Excellent scripting and programming skills (e.g. R, Python, Java, Scala, bash shell)

Experienced user of business intelligence and exploration tools (e.g. Tableau, SAS Analytics, Power BI or similar)

Expert level in SQL

Additional Qualifications:

Understanding of mobile network technologies in general and 4G(LTE) in particular is a plus

Experience from Product Development and System management is a plus

Experience from working in Lean and Agile environments is a plus

LI-BF1

DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position. Therefore employees assigned may be required to perform additional job tasks required by the manager.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/Disabled/Veterans. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

Ericsson provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetics information. Ericsson complies with applicable country, state and all local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location across the world in which the company has facilities. In addition, Ericsson supports the UN Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights and the United Nations Global Compact.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, training and development.

Ericsson expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, protected veteran status, union membership or genetic information.

Ericsson will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by Ericsson or (c) consistent with Ericsson’s legal duty to furnish information.

Employee Polygraph Protection Act Notice - Employers are generally prohibited from requiring or requesting any employee or job applicant to take a lie detector test, and from discharging, disciplining, or discriminating against an employee or prospective employee for refusing to take a test or for exercising other rights under the Act. For more information, visit https://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/posters/eppac.pdf.

Ericsson is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified disabled individuals during the application and hiring process. Ericsson will make modifications or adjustments to the job application or interview process that will enable a qualified applicant to be considered for a position. If you require an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.dallas@ericsson.com or (866) 374-2272 (US) or (877) 338-9966 (Canada) for further assistance.

Primary country and city: United States (US) || || Plano || ProdMgt

 Ericsson is the driving force behind the Networked Society and is a world leader in communications technology and services. Our long-term...
