Are you passionate about using data visualization to complex problems? Do you have experience working withcutting-edge visualization frameworks to make data science findings meaningful for non-technical users? If so, we would like to talk with you about joining the research team at ACT to help people achieve education and workplace success. ACT has an opening for a Data Scientist II in our Data Science and Analytics group. This position has primary responsibility for creating visualizations for production algorithms and exploratory research with applications in educational assessment and learning technologies.  Responsibilities  Typical work-related activities include  Create visualizations in support of data science projects from beginning to end, including understanding the business need, understanding the analysis findings, prototyping models, and deploying completed models to deliver business impact to the organization, in collaboration with experienced data scientists.  Data science projects supported typically include the results of statistical analysis, machine learning, or the presentation of large-scale data in a meaningful and accurate format.  Provide technical documentation for data science visualization projects including minimally presentations, technical design documents, and code documentation.  Collaborate cross-functionally with product managers, data scientists, assessment designers, psychometricians, research scientists, engineers and analysts.  Provide data science  educational technology industry leadership and scholarly contributions through research, publications, presentations and partnerships.  Contribute to a culture of high achievement, industry leadership, innovation, and accountability.   Qualifications  Education  Masterrsquos degree required in human-computer interaction, data mining, machine learning, statistics, computer science, operations research, engineering, mathematics or related field  Or an equivalent combination of education and experience from which comparable knowledge and abilities can be acquired   Experience  A minimum of 3 years of related experience which includes demonstrated success creating visualizations from statistical analysis results and from large-scale data in an academic or industry context  Research expertise and scholarly contributions in human-computer interaction or data science preferred   Knowledge, Skills and Abilities  Experience using Python andor R  Experience working with data visualization libraries such as Angular.js, d3.js, plotly.js  Experience planning, designing, and building visualizations used in production applications  Experience rendering statistical results, machine-learning findings and other complex data  Experience working with big data tools such as Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce, and NoSQL databases preferred  Experience providing visualizations for big data preferred  Experience using Zepplin or Jupyter notebooks preferred  Excellent oral and written communication skills  Innovative thinker and thought leader  Exceptional collaborator and team member  Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques  Agile mindset   This position can be based in our Lakewood, CO office NYC office Iowa City, IA (headquarters) or remote.

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Lakewood, CO 80214 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_aead948b870389b6e73bd2f09a277017
