Read what people are saying about working here. 

Company Information

PACCAR is a Fortune 500 company established in 1905. PACCAR Inc is recognized as a global leader in the commercial vehicle, financial, and customer service fields with internationally recognized brands such as Kenworth, Peterbilt, and DAF trucks. PACCAR is a global technology leader in the design, manufacture and customer support of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks under the Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF nameplates. PACCAR designs and manufactures advanced diesel engines and also provides customized financial services, information technology and truck parts related to its principal business.

Whether you want to design the transportation technology of tomorrow, support the staff functions of a dynamic, international leader, or build our excellent products and services — you can develop the career you desire with PACCAR. Get started!

Division Information

PACCAR’s Information Technology Division (ITD), located in Renton, WA utilizes cutting-edge technology to provide systems development, consulting, voice and data communications services to the entire Corporation, which has high visibility in the technology sector.

Requisition Summary

This position is for a data scientist with the Advanced Analytics Center of Excellence (CoE). The CoE is a unique team within PACCAR as it focuses on solving PACCAR most important challenges using Data and Advanced Analytics. As part of a diversified global Fortune 200 company, the CoE works on a huge variety of projects; from predictive analytics models to support our financial services divisions, to prescriptive analytics to support PACCAR’s sales efforts, and data mining projects to identify the drivers of warranty claims. The CoE is PACCAR’s leading Analytics team, you will work on high-impact and high-visibility projects. The data scientist will present their work to senior executives, helping to shape not only PACCAR’s current business, but it’s long term strategy.

In addition to executing Advanced Analytics projects, the CoE maintains a thought leadership position across PACCAR, guiding and reviewing all data science efforts across the enterprise. As such, attendance and presentations at leading data science conferences is strongly encouraged. The team embraces a collaborative approach to Data Science, sharing best practices and new ideas, and you will help guide Data Scientists with hands-on assistance and governance on the most challenging analyses. Come join this dynamic, growing and pioneering team!

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

Master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Analytics, Computer Science or related field; and at least five years of applicable job experience, with a proven ability to develop Advanced Analytics models.

Significant experience with, or deep understanding of, statistical techniques, modelling, and machine learning.

Significant experience with, or deep understanding of, structured and unstructured data, including relational databases (SQL Server), graph databases (Neo4J), NoSQL databases (MongoDB) and unstructured data.

Experience with, or understanding of, programming (R, Python, Java, or C#).

Experience with working with big data (Scala, Spark, Pig).

Must be a highly-motivated self-starter and self-directed learner with a creative mind, high attention to detail and a solution-oriented outlook

Candidate must demonstrate strong analytical skills, excellent general business acumen, with the ability to concisely and clearly communicate complex topics.

Ability to maintain balance between solid “pragmatism” and “scientific rigor” to meet the needs of a dynamic business.

Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite.

Preferred Qualifications:

PhD or DBA in Data Science, Computer Science, or related field.

Demonstrable in-depth understanding of data structures and ETL processes (including SSIS).

Familiarity with cloud storage and compute on Azure or AWS.

Experience with container deployments (Docker, Kubernetes, ECS).

Experience with the operationalization and maintenance of analytics APIs using Plumber, Flask, Swagger and similar.

Education

Master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Analytics, Computer Science or related field; and at least five years of applicable job experience, with a proven ability to develop Advanced Analytics models.

Job Functions / Responsibilities

Develop sophisticated advanced analytics models; including creating, validating, analyzing and explaining the data used for model development.

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and analytics techniques.

Be a leading expert and organizational resource on developing and evaluating advanced analytics.

Develop processes to extract, clean, merge, transform and compile data from various data sources, including relational database, flat files, NoSQL databases and unstructured data.

Integral leader within the Advanced Analytics Center of Excellence; working with stakeholders from your division to develop new analytics solutions, identify new data useful for analytics projects, and support analytics best practices.

Introduce improvements to increase the speed, accuracy and efficiency of advanced analytics across the organization.

Provide accurate, relevant and meaningful ad-hoc analysis to management to support strategic and tactical decision-making.

Create and present materials on data projects, data science architecture, and analytics strategies.

Additional Job Board Information

PACCAR is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disability.

 Global and diverse opportunities!  Smart and creative colleagues! Exciting assignments and growth prospects!  What drives your career? Fi...
