Read what people are saying about working here. Meet our professionals

CGI: A place to build an IT career

Position Description:

The qualified candidate will perform as a highly skilled technology consultant and leader in the area of predictive analytics. The individual will serve as a consultant and thought leader for Leidos customers. Key success criteria include: 1) proven hands-on expertise with advanced SAS, R and/or SPSS; 2) execute data collection/extraction activities and evaluate fraud models; 3) developing trigger sets; 4) support of anti-fraud counter-measure performance; 5) refining models and re-baseline; 6) developing and maintaining data-driven model and operational and performance reports and dashboards.

Your future duties and responsibilities:

Review programmatic environments. Identify post processing data collection services and available data.

Conduct research and special studies pertaining to fraud in customer's specialized programs and fraud operations.

Develop models to identify fraud.

Provide demonstrations of progress at critical stages.

Troubleshooting support and knowledge transfer as needed.

Excellent research, analytical, written and oral communications.

Comfortable as an individual contributor to team activities.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role:

Demonstrated expertise related to data science and predictive analytics initiatives.

Experience building and deploying data-driven reports in SAS.

Experience delivering complex technical documentation related to data science and predictive analytics initiatives.

Experience with Data analysis tools that include SAS, SPSS, SQL and R for Statistical Computing.

Proficiency with a scripting language (R, Python, or equivalent).

Ability to pass a Federal Suitability Check for a position of public trust.

Desired skills:

Data Ingestion, streaming, or Importing/exporting RDBMS data.

DBA experience.

RDBMS SQL Development.

Advanced skills/expertise in data mining, natural language processing (NLP), and/or distributed computing.

Proficiency at transforming data, data classification and translations, as well as resolving data quality and data cleansing.

Intermediate design and use of relational databases including experience working with working knowledge.

Masters degree minimum (PhD preferred) from an accredited college in a related discipline, with 11 years of professional experience.

#cgifederaljob

What you can expect from us: Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients' digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com.

No unsolicited agency referrals please. We are CGI. You may not have heard of us before, but we are one of the world’s largest IT companies and work on projects across a range o...
