Business Unit:    Cubic Global Defense     
Company Details:     Cubic offers an opportunity to provide innovative technology for government and commercial customers around the globe, helping to solve their future problems today. We’re the leading integrator of payment and information technology and services for intelligent travel solutions worldwide, and the leading provider of realistic combat training systems, secure communications and networking and highly specialized support services for military and security forces of the U.S. and allied nations. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit and thrive in an innovative environment, we want to talk to you about your next role at Cubic! We are seeking employees inspired by technology, and motivated by the rewards of hard work, commitment, teamwork, quality, integrity, and respect. We invite you to explore opportunities with Cubic.

 
Job Details:   
Description: The candidate will work as a member of a research team investigating the effects of dynamic task reallocation in human-machine teams.  The candidate will support the development of computational cognitive models and/or machine learning models that provide real-time or near-real-time analysis of loaded cognitive capacities in multi-tasking environments.  The candidate will also work with team members to integrate physiological measures of cognitive load with the analysis of loaded cognitive capacities to facilitate decision making of adaptive automation. 

Required Skills, Knowledge, and Experience:  
Experience developing and/or applying computational cognitive models and/or machine learning models within applied settings 
Statistical analysis expertise (e.g., R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, or equivalent) 
Java 
Python 
Strong communication skills and ability to interact with customers 
Experience identifying and resolving technical problems that affect cost, schedule, and performance 
Passion for learning new knowledge and skills 
Desire to work with others in a research environment 
M.S. or Ph.D. in cognitive science, psychology, or related field 
U.S. Citizenship and current, or ability to obtain, a DoD Security clearance (minimum Secret)
  
Desired Skills, Knowledge, and Experience:  
Experience developing models within the ACT-R cognitive architecture 
Knowledge of physiological signal processing (EEG, eye tracking, etc.) 

Knowledge of theories/model implementations of cognitive load 
        
   The description provided above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all       job       duties, responsibilities and requirements.  Duties    ,       responsibilities       and requirements       may change over time and according to business need.        
Worker Type:   Employee

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Beavercreek, OH 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         REQ_17648
