Read what people are saying about working here. 

Spotify is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to build advanced marketing analytics solutions. You’ll play a key role in expanding Spotify’s marketing measurement abilities. The role reports into the Marketing Analytics team lead and there will be significant cross-functional collaboration. In addition, you’ll have the opportunity to leverage Spotify’s world-class user data infrastructure and collaborate with a global community of 100+ data analysts.

What You’ll Do:

Lead strategic marketing experimentation initiatives; design test plans, obtain cross-functional alignment, execute robust analysis, and deliver actionable insights

Apply marketing experimentation learnings to day-to-day campaign measurement and reporting; forecast impact and provide ongoing recommendations for optimization and efficiency

Assess and develop new measurement solutions; largely focused on data modeling and in house solutions (i.e. Media Mix Modeling)

Own marketing measurement best practices for the Marketing Analytics team, creating and updating training materials on an ongoing basis

Collaborate with sister analytics teams at Spotify to leverage shared platforms, best practices, insights and innovations

Who You Are:

7-10 years of experience in marketing analytics or business intelligence (focused in analytics) with a proven track record of delivering performance results required

Strong analytical skills, including data querying, predictive modeling, and experimental design required

Strong understanding of traditional media (TV, out of home), digital media (search, display, social) and CRM (email, push notifications) required

Demonstrated success in delivering impactful insights to executives required

Strong SQL skills and advanced language expertise, like R or Python, required

Strong presentation skills (e.g. PowerPoint) required

 All your music is here. 

Spotify gives you millions of songs at your fingertips. The artists you love, the latest hits, and new discov...
