Join us on our exciting journey! IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. The Role As an experienced, subject matter expert in Machine Learning, we are looking for a Senior Data Scientist who is keen to lead, shape and grow a high profile and highly motivated data science team at the cutting-edge of life science. The primary focus of the role is to design and oversee the delivery of machine learning projects, such as developing algorithms to find undiagnosed patients with rare conditions. Most projects have an important research component, so a strong academic background is preferable (the role includes opportunity to publish and participate in academic conferences). In addition, there is scope for development in other key areas: •Product Development - Working closely with software engineers, system architects and data scientists to build automated and scalable routines / libraries •Business Development - Supporting business development initiatives, including technical support for client pitches, proposal writing and thought leadership (includes publications, presentations at academic conferences, client workshops, etc.). At IQVIA we appreciate and nurture individual talent. Therefore, the exact blend of responsibilities and individual career development will in part depend on the skill set and aspirations of the successful candidate. The Team Our Predictive Analytics team within the Real-World & Analytics Solutions (RWAS) Technology division is a fast-growing group of collaborative, enthusiastic, and entrepreneurial individuals. In our never-ending quest for opportunities to harness the value of Real World Evidence (RWE), we are at the centre of IQVIA’s advances in areas such as machine learning and cutting-edge statistical approaches. Our efforts improve retrospective clinical studies, under-diagnosis of rare diseases, personalized treatment response profiles, disease progression predictions, and clinical decision-support tools. You will join this high-profile team to work on ground-breaking problems in health outcomes across disease areas including Ophthalmology, Oncology, Neurology, Chronic diseases such as diabetes, and a variety of very rare conditions. The Predictive Analytics team work hand-in-hand with statisticians, epidemiologists and disease area experts across the wider global RWE Solutions team, leveraging a vast variety of anonymous patient-level information from sources such as electronic health records. The data encompasses IQVIA’s access to over 530 million anonymised patients as well as bespoke, custom partnerships with healthcare providers and payers. Our ideal candidate: Experience •PhD and peer-review publications involving machine learning, and/or; •Extensive experience leading the design and delivery of advanced statistical / machine learning projects in the commercial sector end to end with proven delivery capability including capturing requirements, designing analysis plans, interfacing with clients and writing reports / manuscripts. •A proactive, innovative and pragmatic approach to problem solving and an ability to think critically and independently. •Excellent written and spoken communication skills, including ability to present technical concepts to lay audiences, write analysis plans for projects, contribute to proposals / grant applications, pitch ideas effectively and persuasively to clients / internal stakeholders, etc. •Flexible and adaptable in a client focused, results-driven environment. Our ideal candidate: Tech Skills •Excellent knowledge of supervised machine learning methods, such as regularized regressions, ensemble tree classifiers (e.g. xgboost), Support Vector Machines, Neural Networks, etc. •Strong programming skills in Python and/or R. Experience with Spark or Scala is beneficial. •Solid understanding of best coding practices and version control software such as Git, ability to write clean and efficient code and a good understanding of the data science package landscape. Bonus points for: •Knowledge of epidemiology / biostatistics, particularly analytical issues relating to studies of treatment effectiveness, disease progression, adherence, healthcare utilization, etc. •Knowledge of healthcare / life science issues involving Real-World Evidence •Experience with patient-level, longitudinal data. IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled' We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve human health outcomes. Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there! We invite you to join IQVIA™ Job ID: R1067906
