NOTE:  Successful Candidate Must Have An Active **DoD TS/SCI Clearance** Position Overview: Support the Business Analytics division. The Business Analytics division is responsible for identifying, acquiring, transforming and analyzing agency data to assess agency performance and inform senior leadership decision making. Support data integration and modeling; ask and develop business questions; interpret data made available by agency stakeholders and data owners; and report and present conclusions to leadership.   Provide statistical and mathematical support to analyze and interpret a wide range of data to help and support strategic resource decisions made by agency leadership. Interpret and analyze leadership information needs, and design and implement data analysis projects to address those needs by incorporating best practices, appropriate data, and proven techniques from experience or research methods. Conduct business analytics tool Architecture and Engineering Analysis to ensure integration of existing and future business analytics tools and compliance with enterprise IT policies, architecture and resources. Document, analyze, and (as needed) enhance data conditioning processes that translate raw data inputs into decision-quality data products appropriate to the intended audience. Design, develop, test and communicate data analytics products (including data, applications and visualizations) from documented, repeatable methods, based in sound data engineering principles and applicable standards. Leverage wide-ranging data sources (e.g., web traffic, customer requests for information, survey data, stated and implied requirements, production databases, human capital data, etc.) to develop and communicate understanding of phenomena and trends. Provide insights through repeatable, transparent analysis that will be used to inform decisions in partnership with teams supporting agency decision making processes, customer and partner interactions, featured content. Assist in the construction of data sets and data views for use by the Business Analytics Division to utilize and communicate complex data sets meaningfully and appropriately. Assist with implementation of statistical analysis process improvements and incorporation of statistical research into new analytical products and methods. Provide continuous feedback and recommendations to the Business Analytics Division. Develop performance metrics to assess business analytics maturity level.   |Support the Business Analytics division. The Business Analytics division is responsible for identifying, acquiring, transforming and analyzing agency data to assess agency performance and inform senior leadership decision making. Support data integration and modeling; ask and develop business questions; interpret data made available by agency stakeholders and data owners; and report and present conclusions to leadership.| |Provide statistical and mathematical support to analyze and interpret a wide range of data to help and support strategic resource decisions made by agency leadership.|Interpret and analyze leadership information needs, and design and implement data analysis projects to address those needs by incorporating best practices, appropriate data, and proven techniques from experience or research methods.|Conduct business analytics tool Architecture and Engineering Analysis to ensure integration of existing and future business analytics tools and compliance with enterprise IT policies, architecture and resources.|Document, analyze, and (as needed) enhance data conditioning processes that translate raw data inputs into decision-quality data products appropriate to the intended audience.|Design, develop, test and communicate data analytics products (including data, applications and visualizations) from documented, repeatable methods, based in sound data engineering principles and applicable standards.|Leverage wide-ranging data sources (e.g., web traffic, customer requests for information, survey data, stated and implied requirements, production databases, human capital data, etc.) to develop and communicate understanding of phenomena and trends.|Provide insights through repeatable, transparent analysis that will be used to inform decisions in partnership with teams supporting agency decision making processes, customer and partner interactions, featured content.|Assist in the construction of data sets and data views for use by the Business Analytics Division to utilize and communicate complex data sets meaningfully and appropriately.|Assist with implementation of statistical analysis process improvements and incorporation of statistical research into new analytical products and methods.|Provide continuous feedback and recommendations to the Business Analytics Division.|Develop performance metrics to assess business analytics maturity level.| 
