If you are interested please email your most up-to-date resume to North Angle at [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] and included the following information as well.  Title: AI/Data Scientist  Company: Dell Duration: 6 months with strong possibility to go permanent  Pay rate: Negotiable Location: Austin, Texas Job Details: Dell EMC is building a modern Data Driven AI application to support a multi-billion dollar business segment. Summary We require a candidate that is able to design modern machine learning pipelines for various business requirements. The software will become part of a full-stack application and will need to scale across multiple end user persona's. We expect the candidate to be able to creatively design and develop code that is reusable, robust, and passes multiple unit test iterations error free. We require the candidate to deploy multiple models and recommendation systems that enhance the end user workflow and provide significant business value in the form of increased efficiency and profitability. The candidate must possess a high degree of object oriented and functional programming skill. We seek a candidate that has developed and deployed an enterprise class machine learning system successfully into production. Our project requires the candidate to be prepared to work in a high pressure environment at times with tight deployment schedules and multiple stakeholder oversight. The candidate must be able to communicate effectively, document all code, and present concepts and ideas clearly to an Executive audience. The candidate must be able to function as part of an integrated software development team. Day to Day: Design, develop, test, and implement high quality machine learning and AI code into dev, test, and production environments. Develop software and collaborate within an integrated development team as business requirements are discovered, refined, and implemented across multiple end user personas. Maintain a professional attitude at all times, provide thought leadership, and display problem solving skills. Be prepared to present 1x1 or in a group setting.  Qualifications: Master's Degree or PhD Required (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or Physics Preferred). Fluent in R or Python Must also have Object Oriented software design experience and understand UML design principles. Must have Git Hub experience and comfort with version control procedures. Deep Learning experience with Keras required. NLP and Reinforcement Learning experience preferred. EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
