Read what people are saying about working here. 

We want to be the best. That’s why we hire the best. We thrive on challenging, rewarding, purpose-driven work. We’re looking for skilled individuals like you - for professionals full of talent, but not of themselves.

Digital First Media, distinguished by its diversified portfolio of media assets, is home to Adtaxi, the client-centric digital agency that brings scale, precision, and sophistication to digital marketing, and such notable brands as The Denver Post, The Mercury News, and The Orange County Register.

Leveraging the belief that people matter as much as technology, we’re driving change everyday from Adtaxi’s best-of-breed, award-winning marketing solutions and ad technologies to the products that power our sites and mobile apps. And we’re just getting started. #DigitalFirstMedia #Associate

Responsibilities

We are looking for a data scientist interested in algorithm creation and R programming to join our product development team. Digital First Media, in partnership with our Adtaxi team, is building advanced technologies to provide predictive analysis within our third-party advertising tools. The right candidate will be a self-motivated engineer who also has a passion for working with technologies including R and SQL and staying current and curious about exploring the latest and greatest. This data scientist will have input into our product process and will have a real impact as part of a small, nimble team.

Duties and Responsibilities

Assist in designing new, and improving existing, budgeting algorithms for digital advertising.

Provide simulations, data analyses, and data visualizations as needed to communicate complex ideas to teammates.

Coordinate with end users for design and implementation of analytics solutions.

Prepare scripts to ensure proper data access, manipulation and reporting.

Communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.

Formulate procedures for integration of R programming plans with data sources and delivery systems.

Ability to teach others through knowledge transfer.

Grow expertise by proactively remaining current with trends within digital advertising technologies.

Qualifications

2-5 years of related experience

Proficiency in the R language

Knowledge of functional programming

Mathematical modeling and optimization with experience building complex and robust modeling systems

Track record of using advanced statistical methods, information retrieval, predictive modeling, data mining techniques

Comfortable manipulating and analyzing data from varying sources

Ability to gather data from multiple sources and compile into a single output for presentation layer

A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data

A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision

Knowledge of both relational and non-relational database structures

Experience with AWS Redshift, PostgreSQL or other data stores

Experience with SQL

Experience with third party APIs, sending and receiving data

Experience with ETL processes

Working knowledge of Linux

Working knowledge of Git

Proficiency communicating complex ideas to team members.

Detail oriented, well organized, able to thrive in deadline driven environment

Helpful, but not required:

Working knowledge of machine learning methods

Package development in R

Knowledge of Python

Experience with AdTech systems a plus (e.g. Google AdWords, Facebook Ads, Bing, The Trade Desk)
