Read what people are saying about working here. 

Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.

We’re looking for Data Scientists to work on our People (HR) products. People Engineering builds products for the People and Recruiting teams and sales teams at Facebook. On the People side, we develop tools that grow the workforce and maintain Facebook's unique culture. Our team supports Bootcampers, hackers, learners, job-changers, org-planners, and feedback-seekers. Every employee is our client. Over 25,000 people rely on us to do our job, so they can do theirs.

On the Recruiting Products, we are responsible for the tools that enable us to hire the best talent in the world. Our work is critical to Facebook's ability to hire thousands of top-notch people each year, and every product we launch gets more builders to Facebook faster.

You will enjoy working with some of the richest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product. This position is based full-time in our New York, NY office.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products

Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities

Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches

The Data Scientist role has work across the following four areas:

Product Operations

Forecasting and setting product team goals

Designing and evaluating experiments

Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics

Building and analyzing dashboards and reports

Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis

Evaluating and defining metrics

Exploratory Analysis

Proposing what to build in the next roadmap

Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends

Identifying new levers to help move key metrics

Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems

Product Leadership

Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations

Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams

Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams

Data Infrastructure

Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle

Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL framework

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

2+ years experience doing quantitative analysis

BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field

Experience in SQL or other programming languages

Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)

Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (ex. R, SAS) or other methods

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Advanced degrees

Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)

 Founded in 2004, Facebook’s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. People use Facebo...
