Senior Machine Learning Data Scientist - AWS Big Data - San Francisco, CA, - 160k Looking for a talented data scientist to work for a well-funded tech startup that is rapidly growing. Are you interested in using advanced data analytics? Are you interested in optimizing full scale big data techniques to build advertising campaigns for a very high end client? This job is innovating cloud-native software to program, analyze and determine best business practices. If you want to be a data scientist at the forefront of building marketing campaigns for one of the fastest growing ad platform companies in the world then this job is for you. The role will consist of various data gathering techniques to identify and recommend how to build out high end building models. You will be formulating, proposing, and building innovative machine learning technologies. Pursuing new innovative models, creating patents, and creating unique algorithm strategies will be significant portions of the daily role. Qualifications Masters degree in statistics or computer science PhD in Data science or 3+ years of experience in machine learning Strong Python experience Strong skills in analyzing large volumes of data Strong written and oral communication skills This position will be designing complex data models for one of the largest companies in the world. The company is growing exponentially and is a very well funded startup company so the opportunity for growth and self-development is a huge plus for this job. This company is revolutionizing the advertising realm and if you want to be a part of that, this is the position for you. For interested candidates please contact: Email- d.austin-kerns@jeffersonfrank.com Phone- (303) 558-4407 Jefferson Frank International is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS and Big Data jobs than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS and Big Data market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS / Big Data jobs are.
