8901 - Corp Office West Crk - 12800 Tuckahoe Creek Parkway, Richmond, Virginia, 23238 CarMax, the way your career should be!  ABOUT THIS JOB: The Sr. Data Scientist, Expansion Planning & Analysis, is part of a team that provides analytical support to CarMax’s investment in geographic expansion and related growth initiatives, within the Treasury department. This position provides a driven strategic financial thinker the opportunity to help build a Fortune 500 company in the midst of national expansion. This individual will have strong analytic skills, grasping the big picture while creating analyses and quantitative models with sharp attention to detail and strong intellectual curiosity. This individual will possess a strong ability to effectively partner with a variety of departments, at all levels of the organization, to facilitate sound decision-making in CarMax’s investment activity. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES:      Take a lead role in all aspects of predictive analytic tools used by the broader EP&A team; i.e. the development, evaluation, implementation, maintenance, and enhancement of predictive models and processes Build and maintain tools and data sets used for New Store Investment analyses Closely integrate with the broader team to effectively consult and problem solve on sales forecasting applications Maximize process efficiency and automation for broader team Analyze store performance versus expectations Uncover key drivers of unexplained sales variation Apply findings to create or refine predictive models Identify and communicate operational opportunities Validate current forecast models and business assumptions Partner with internal teams to help develop sound investment profiles for decisions and initiatives with geo-spatial, consumer demand, or physical expansion components Gather inputs & appropriately challenge assumptions Create financial models to provide visibility on expected and actual financial impact (ROI, earnings) Help translate between operational metrics and financial outcomes Effectively communicate findings, verbally and through written presentations, to peers and management Demonstrate strong results focus, project management, and teamwork to complete ad-hoc analyses across a variety of business areas QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS: Demonstrated top caliber analysis, strategic thinking, and financial modeling skills Apply business and technical knowledge to evaluate and solve complex problems, produce results, and make recommendations Analytical curiosity and ability to flex between big picture strategic thinking and sharp attention to detail Develop, adjust and execute plans to obtain desired, timely results Deliver great results while simultaneously managing several projects Strong reasoning ability Assimilate numerous qualitative and quantitative inputs in the face of ambiguity and drill down to a good decision Ability to identify and analyze problems, generate and evaluate alternative solutions, and develop recommendations Excellent interpersonal, communication, and courageous leadership skills Build and maintain strong relationships throughout the organization, and collaborate with other departments Communicate in a clear, concise, and open manner through verbal, written, and non-verbal methods, to audiences of various sizes and levels Undergraduate degree in relevant quantitative field (e.g. Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, Economics), with an excellent academic record Graduate degree desirable, but not required 3+ years of experience in an analytical role Experience with advanced quantitative analytical techniques, such as statistical modeling, test design and measurement, data science, financial DCF modeling, etc. Strong computer skills: Excel, PowerPoint, programming languages About CarMax CarMax disrupted the auto industry by delivering the honest, transparent and high-integrity experience customers want and deserve. This innovative thinking around the way cars are bought and sold has helped us become the nation’s largest retailer of used cars, with over 200 locations nationwide. Our amazing team of more than 25,000 associates work together to deliver iconic customer experiences. Along the way, we help every associate grow their career and achieve their best, at work and in their community.  We are recognized for our commitment to training and diversity and are one of the FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For®. CarMax is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Upon an applicant's request, CarMax will consider reasonable accommodation to complete the CarMax Job Application . If you have technical problems when submitting your application, please contact us by phone (888) 922-7629 ext. 3888 or email [Click Here to Email Your Resumé].
