Read what people are saying about working here. 

DuPont is seeking a motivated student for a co-op opportunity at our Silicon Valley Technical Center. This role will focus on supporting the efforts of the Digital Transformation team at this location. The person in this role will need to be able to engage in various Data Transformation projects and provide data analytics support. This assignment will last 6-12 months in duration.

Main Responsibilities:

Support for digital projects focused on digital transformation, data management, new technology evaluation, and potential digital opportunities identification.

Using data analytics (code or software) to identify technology and marketing trends, communicate with technical team or business development team to make impact.

Assist with coordination with technology vendors and team members

Interface with engineering and innovation teams to support digital and data initiatives

Job Qualifications

Qualifications:

Must be currently pursuing a master or Ph.D degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Math, Engineering, or other related Physical Sciences

Has completed Sophomore year

Must be able to complete a 6-12 month co-op assignment

Unrestricted ability to work in the U.S.

Preferred Attributes:

Minimum 3.0 GPA or higher preferred

Experience with coding and understand Machine Learning is a plus

Ability to handle multiple projects in parallel, maintaining focus on each and leveraging cross project learnings

Ability to work quickly and adapt in a fast-paced environment

Effective verbal and written communication skills

Ability to work well within a team and take direction

About DowDuPont

DowDuPont (NYSE: DWDP) is a holding company comprised of The Dow Chemical Company and DuPont with the intent to form strong, independent, publicly traded companies in agriculture, materials science and specialty products sectors that will lead their respective industries through productive, science-based innovation to meet the needs of customers and help solve global challenges. For more information, please visit us at www.dow-dupont.com.

The positions represented by this job posting are aligned to one of the three divisions, Agriculture, Materials Science or Specialty Products, which are expected to separate from DowDuPont into stand-alone public companies. Information on the division alignment will be provided during the recruitment process.

 E. I. du Pont de Nemours (also known simply as DuPont) wants to coat your car, feed your crops, and decrease your dependence on fossil fu...
