Read what people are saying about working here. 

$68,170 - $110,876 a year

RECRUITMENT RANGE: $68,170 - $91,503/IT07

The data scientist works within our Data Management and Integration (DM&I) team to support the enterprise data delivery needs of the North Carolina Community Colleges System. The primary focus of this position involves using scientific/statistical methods, processes, algorithms and systems to extract knowledge and insights from data in various forms, both structured and unstructured. Work involves data management, data blending, and data preprocessing for analysis and predictive modeling. Work also involves a consultative role with Applications Analyst Programmers to assure that the conceptual and design phases of new applications are consistent with the structural parameters within the database environment.

The data scientist will work to analyze and develop data models to meet the needs of the organization's information systems and must have experience with deployment of statistical and machine learning models. The data scientist will utilize advanced machine learning techniques and concepts including classification and regression methods to predict outcomes and clustering methods to detect hidden patterns in data.

The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes using these insights. Work will include analyzing business requirements as a guide to data modeling and coordinating with various cross-functional teams to implement data models and monitor outcomes.

The data scientist will use a variety of data mining/data analysis methods and extraction tools, create algorithms that address data quality, and create/run simulations on how data can be processed and used more efficiently. They will also assist with data integrity improvement efforts through use of scientific/mathematical analysis.

The data scientist will focus on data quality, requiring an understanding of originating sources, to help to ensure data types and formats are as per the data dictionary, and will systematically review and audit to identify discrepancies. This will include setting up rules for cleansing the data according to data quality policies, and testing the efficiency of extractions, transformations and cleansing processes.

The data scientist must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams, from both college, System Office, other educational entities, other state agencies, and vendors. They will need strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills paired with an ability to communicate complex ideas to non-technical users. The position will require excellent written and verbal communication skills, working with cross-functional teams, and giving presentations to groups of all sizes, including executives, collaborating-staff, and stakeholders.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities / Competencies

integrated database systems.

Understanding of applications analysis and programming techniques.

Experience with cloud-based data management and warehousing solutions.

Experience with third party utility database administration tools.

Ability to effectively communicate technical/complex ideas in written and oral form with users/stakeholders and executive management.

Ability to work well autonomously, within teams, and lead focused efforts to establish effective working relationships and to produce successful outcomes.

Ability to organize and implement a variety of both short- and long-term projects and initiatives.

Ability to collaborate with others; including providing support and/or cross-training to others team members.

Experience querying databases and using statistical models and machine learning languages in at least two of the following: R, Python, SQL, SAS, GLM/Regression, Bayesian Analysis etc.

Knowledge and experience creating and using advanced machine learning techniques, algorithms and statistics in at least one of the following: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.

Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using at least one of the following: SAS, SAP Business Objects, Tableau, Microsoft PowerBI, Entrinsik Informer, etc.

Advanced experience with MS Office 365 Suite (Excel, Visio, Skype, SharePoint, and Teams).

 PREFERENCES:

Ellucian Colleague or Banner

Microsoft Project

Agile/Scrum methodology experience

ITIL knowledge and/or certification

PMP certification

TOGAF certification

Process mapping/design software

Minimum Education and Experience Requirements

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Computer Engineering, Math, or Engineering, or a related curriculum from an appropriately accredited institution and three years of progressive experience in programming and applications analysis including the design and maintenance of an integrated database system; or Associate's degree in Information Systems, Computer Programming, Database Management, Computer Engineering, Math, or Engineering from an appropriately accredited institution and four years of progressive experience in programming and applications analysis including the design and maintenance of an integrated database system; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
