Read what people are saying about working here. 

SAS Data Scientist - 18462

Position Location Washington, D.C.

Requisition # 18462

# of Openings 1

HII - Mission Driven Innovative Solutions Inc. (HII-MDIS) provides mission-critical engineering and technical service to Information Technology, Federal Civilian, and National Security, Aerospace & Defense and International government and commercial customers at over 100 locations worldwide.

HII-MDIS is currently seeking a SAS Data Scientist to work out of their Washington D.C. office.

Duties and Responsibilities (to include but not be limited to the following):

Helping discover information hidden in vast amounts of data, and helping to make smarter decisions in order to deliver high quality investigative products

Applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, building high quality predictions systems, and integrate with our products

Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques

Data mining using state-of-the-art methods

Extending company's data with third party sources of information when needed

Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner

Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance

Assist in general IT support as needed

Qualifications and Experience:

Required –

Define, monitor, and assess Supplier activities and deliverables

Review and formally approve Supplier deliverables

Provide clarification on business requirements and technical design issues.

Review and approve the Supplier’s project plans and proposed technical solutions.

When appropriate, provide the technical resources necessary to install application software.

Preferred –

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms

Experience with common data science toolkits

Experience with data visualization tools

High level proficiency in Structured Query Language (SQL)

Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Good scripting and programming skills

Solid documentation skills (Requirement, Functional, and Technical)

Experience working with relational databases (Oracle, SQL and Teradata preferred)

Experience working with flat file data

Understanding of relational data modeling concepts

Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications

Experience working with Metadata

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Demonstrated ability to design and implement processes or industry best practices

Strong results orientation; strives to deliver great results and drive continuous improvement

Ability to collaborate and interact with business partners across all levels of the organization to define solutions to address key opportunities

Strong interpersonal skills, ability to build trust and commitment and influence others; promotes open communication and diverse perspectives

Demonstrates flexibility and adaptability; thrives in a changing and/or fast paced environment; ability to balance multiple priorities and projects

Motivated by the opportunity to learn and solve problems; takes initiative to improve processes and systems

Ability to work independently with minimal supervision

Experience with SAS Analytic software solutions

Experience with SPLUNK, Hadoop a plus

Analytical skills focusing on Investigative data analytics a plus

Security:

Must be able to obtain and keep a USPS Sensitive Clearance.

Must be a U.S. Citizen and have been living in the U.S. for at least the last five years.

Must not have traveled outside of the United States for more than 180 days in the last five years.

All candidates will be subject to a pre-employment background investigation and drug screening per HII requirements.

Huntington Ingalls Industries is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other protected class.

 Huntington Ingalls Industries is the largest U.S.-based military shipbuilding company. It also provides a range of innovative products an...
