Read what people are saying about working here. 

Summary

Posted: Mar 11, 2019

Weekly Hours: 40

Role Number: 200041762

The people here at Apple don’t just build products — we craft the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that supports the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.
Do you love problem solving and thinking beyond an obvious solution? Do you thrive in ambiguity and teams where little direction should fuel your creativity? We are seeking a Senior Machine Scientist to lead & develop Machine Learning and AI platforms to augment and improve the customer experience in Apple Retail.

Key Qualifications

You are a seasoned Machine Learning Scientist with 5+ years of experience applying ML to real world problems and crafting scalable and effective customer engagement platforms

You have strong computer science fundamentals, debugging skills and knowledge of algorithms. You should be able to develop significant code bases and integrate new libraries and frameworks into your work.

Excellent foundation and demonstrable experience in recommendations and information retrieval algorithms

Excellent coding abilities in Python and SQL

You are able to prototype products for ideating and testing

To be successful in this position, you should…

be a self-starter, driven, accountable and a highly upbeat standout colleague.

have strong writing, data visualization and communication skills with the ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to senior leaders.

Description

In this role you will partner with product managers, engineers and scientists to tackle product related machine learning problems using AI technology, perform experiments and optimize the solutions. You will be responsible for :
- Designing and maintaining machine/deep/reinforcement learning models and trying to optimize/customize them for new applications
- Developing production-ready software with scalable, fast and efficient algorithms
- Collecting data, perform data preprocessing and define performance indicators

Education & Experience

Post Graduate degree required in - Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Math, or related fields. Master’s degree considered.

Additional Requirements

Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.

 This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama...
