Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Agency is interested in IT Modernization efforts and Re-skilling and Workforce Transformation. Re-skill and up-skill employees impacted by IT modernization efforts, evolve workforce to more 21st Century skill sets and work practices, and enable the workforce to drive successful IT Modernization efforts going forward utilizing in-house talent.

The Business Intelligence Developer works directly with the HUD team, leveraging their knowledge of data science and BI, methodologies, and processing techniques to apply analytic techniques in the evaluation of project objectives. Responsible for research, design, development, and support for enterprise reporting and analysis systems and software. Works in conjunction with data governance to monitor consistency and reliability of source data, as well as assess the quality of the data coming from multiple sources. Recommends and implements new or modified elements to promote tool adoption. Performs analyst functions including data collection, interviewing, data modeling, project testing, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives. Works closely with Senior Analysts, Task Leads, Project Manager, and customer. Engage with business users and stakeholders to understand both user requirements and larger strategic goals. Proactively proposes enhancements and has ability to implement new and exciting features while retaining quality. Provide proactive advice and feedback throughout the development lifecycle for prevention and early correction of quality problems.

Qualifications

Education and Experience

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent and six (6) years of relevant experience.

Required Skills

Demonstrated knowledge and experience applying analytic methodologies and principles.

Experience translating business needs to technical specifications.

Familiarity with one or more types of quantitative data analysis.

Experience cleaning and manipulating data.

Experience with predictive modeling.

Familiarity with BI technologies (e.g. Microsoft Power BI, Oracle BI).

Experience designing, building, and deploying BI solutions.

Experience with conducting unit testing and troubleshooting.

Must be willing and interested in learning new toolsets, templates, and workflows as business needs evolve.

Strong development and support skills.

Clearance Requirement

Must be a US Citizen with ability to obtain a Public Trust

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability

 SAIC is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and...
