Read what people are saying about working here. 

JOB PURPOSE/ROLE

Allianz Global Investors is seeking a Data Scientist to support our Best Styles department. Best Styles is an active, highly diversified equity portfolio management team. The team’s investment philosophy is based on the conviction that Investment Styles like value, momentum and quality, offer risk premiums that can be harvested in a systematic approach, largely independent from the market and macroeconomic environment.

This position will provide active engagement in experiencing the correlation between data science and real-world applications. If you are passionate about your knowledge and expertise coming to fruition in a tangible scope, this role is for you.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Implements and maintains production level systems to generate investment ideas

Interprets data and analyzes results using statistical techniques

Produces complex analyses on multiple data sources using R, Python, SQL, NoSQL, etc.

Identifies and leverages new technologies to enable analytical best practices and provides new technologies to the broader platform from various data sources using R Shiny

Develops new features for production level systems

Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets

Writes production code and builds analytical systems

Creates and enhances mathematical models and streaming analytics pipelines

KEY REQUIREMENTS/SKILLS/EXPERIENCE

Required

Master’s degree in data science or software development

1-3 years’ experience in data science optional, with a focus on portfolio management in international equity and emerging markets

Strong statistical modeling and programming skills (SQL, R, Shiny, etc.)

Extremely detail-orientated with excellent analytical skills

Preferred

Proficiency with HTML and CSS

Experience with quantitative finance and investment research

Extremely hard working and ambitious, with a high degree of integrity

The ability to work well in a demanding, team-centric environment

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Allianz Global Investors is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to an individual’s race, color, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, veteran status, national origin or disability. Allianz Global Investors hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Reference Code

AGI-6181613-2

Allianz is the home for those who dare – a supportive place where you can take the initiative to grow and to actively strengthen our global leadership position. By truly caring about people – both its 88 million private and corporate customers and more than 140,000 employees – Allianz fosters a culture where its employees are empowered to collaborate, perform, embrace trends and challenge the industry. Our main ambition is to be our customers’ trusted partner, instilling them with the confidence to grow. If you dare, join us at Allianz Group.

Allianz is an equal opportunity employer. Everybody is welcome, regardless of other characteristics such as gender, age, origin, nationality, race or ethnicity, religion, disability, or sexual orientation.

Allianz Global Investors is the asset management subsidiary of Allianz SE. We are one of the world’s leading active asset managers with over 600 investment professionals in 25 offices worldwide, managing more than EUR 500 billion in assets for individuals, families and institutions.

Active is how we create and share value with clients. We believe in solving, not selling, adding value beyond pure economic gain. We invest long-term, drawing upon our broad and innovative investment expertise, and leveraging resources globally to ensure a superior client experience wherever they are based and whatever their investment needs.

Active is: Allianz Global Investors

You are committed to creating value for our clients so that they can meet their financial objectives throughout their lives. You embrace a collegial culture based on strong values, take individual responsibility, and are dedicated to mastering challenging tasks. You aspire to make an impact in a diverse, international, technology-enabled and increasingly agile environment. If you feel inspired to elevate the active asset management experience, this is the place for you since,

Active is: Allianz Global Investors.

 Allianz aims to be the outstanding competitor in personal and commercial insurance in the UK, helping people and companies move on and up...
