Read what people are saying about working here. 

About the Department

Imagine transforming the face of biomedical research and building world-class protein technology platforms in a state-of-the art facility. That’s what we do at Novo Nordisk Research Center Seattle, Inc. (NNRCSI). Our scientists apply cutting-edge technologies to early discovery projects within the diabetes and obesity areas, with the goal of bringing molecules to market. Such projects include identifying protein-based therapies for obesity, diabetes, and adjacent therapeutic areas, and researching the next generation of medical devices. At the NNRCSI, your skills, dedication and ambition will help us change lives for the better. In exchange, we’ll offer you an opportunity to work with extraordinary talent, continuously learn and develop, and drive change to defeat diabetes and other serious chronic conditions.

The team is comprised of collaborative, diverse and passionate people who have a true sense of pride in their work and are committed to helping others grow and develop in their careers. You’ll also have a platform to engage with key stakeholders on a global scale throughout the entire pipeline process. And while changing the future of diabetes treatment is no easy task, we also recognize the importance of an enjoyable workplace, which is why we’ve cultivated a culture of fun, ingenuity and innovation. And our competitive compensation package, generous benefits, and support of a healthy work-life balance all add to a best-in-class employee experience. We are changing lives for a living. Are you ready to make a difference?

The Position

The US Device Research (USDR)-US Lead Data Scientist will contribute to the USDR-US vision to explore and develop new technology, product ideas, and game-changers that may hold the potential to add value to patients and Novo Nordisk in the future within therapeutic areas covered by Novo Nordisk corporate strategy. The Lead Data Scientist will act as an expert in identifying data sources and interpretation of the right data in order to give essential input to the design of attractive products that balance satisfying user needs with innovative technical solutions and business potential. The Lead Data Scientist will be responsible for developing, implementing and applying data science solutions to technical problems. At the same time, the Lead Data Scientist will act as team lead for the research arm of USDR’s R&D efforts, providing guidance to the team, setting direction, and influencing the progression of projects in the research phase.

Relationships

The Lead Data Scientist reports to a USDR-US Senior Project Manager. Internal relationships include R&D colleagues in Seattle and in Denmark. This includes engineers, software developers, designers, user researchers, data scientists, and others. External relationships include relationships with commercial and academic collaboration partners and may include NNRCSI Seattle drug researchers.

Essential Functions

Be the Data Science/Algorithm research lead

Be an influential leader with excellent machine learning and algorithm development skills

Guide team members’ efforts to achieve best results on a portfolio of projects

Work with Senior Project Manager to set team priorities

Drive team momentum to execute projects

Inform and define acceptance criteria for ML and rules-based algorithm development

Shape research team’s modus operandi based on ML development experience and understanding of each team member’s strengths

Develop therapeutic algorithms based on physiological, sensor, baseline, and behavioral data

Work with System Engineers to identify needs, derive requirements, set acceptance criteria, and develop tests for algorithmic systems

Demonstrate initiative in identifying and addressing unmet patient needs using data

Generate and mature ideas and concepts into real world solutions

Prepare and present written and oral reports and proposals to peers and management

Capture new, relevant inventions in Novo Nordisk patent applications

Occasionally collaborate with external partners

Develop a robust understanding of diabetes disease states and physiology, and the molecular and physiological role of insulin, glucose, and other factors relating to diabetes

Physical Requirements

Approximately 10% overnight travel.

Qualifications

BS or higher in Computer Science or related field with research in machine learning; PhD preferred

8+ years of experience building machine learning, AI, and/or algorithmic systems. Advanced degree may be substituted for experience as appropriate.

Experience in regulated medical device development or in other regulated field preferred

Excellent written and oral communication skills

Detail oriented with strong documentation skills

Ability to influence, collaborate, and lead technical teams in an organization with many moving parts

Ability to set direction and thrive amid ambiguity and flux

Demonstrated ability to generate valuable and relevant ideas, create concepts based on ideas, and develop new products based on concepts

Ability to set algorithm development performance metrics and drive projects to meet those metrics

Experience with several of the following: natural language processing, deep learning, Bayesian reasoning, recommendation systems, learning from semi-structured data, reinforcement or active learning, ML software systems, machine learning on mobile devices

Ability to validate algorithms against clinical data, ensuring appropriateness of fit

Ability to present technical concepts, results, and conclusions to engineering and leadership teams

Solid software engineering skills across multiple languages including Python and R; MATLAB a plus

Experience with data science tools such as Hadoop, Impala, Hive, Pig, Spark, Git, Jupyter, etc.

Experience with business intelligence and demonstration platforms such as PowerBI, Shiny, etc. preferred

Experience in mathematical modeling of complex systems preferred

Novo Nordisk is an Equal Opportunity Employer - M/F/Veteran/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

If you are interested in applying to Novo Nordisk and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply, please call us at 1-855-411-5290. This contact is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.

Requisition ID: 59633BR

State/Provinces: Seattle

Job Category: Research
 Novo Nordisk A/S is a Denmark-based healthcare company. The Company provides diabetes care and is engaged in haemostasis management, grow...
