Read what people are saying about working here. 

Description

The Center for Effective Global Action (CEGA) the University of California, Berkeley's leading development research center, seeks outstanding applicants for the position of Assistant/Associate Specialist (data scientist) to support the Agricultural Technology Adoption Initiative (ATAI), co-managed with the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (J-PAL) at MIT. The position entails aggregating, analyzing, and visualizing data produced by ATAI, under supervision of that ATAI faculty board including Jeremy Magruder (UC Berkeley), Craig McIntosh (UC San Diego), and Tavneet Suri (MIT). This position is based at the University of California, Berkeley.

In 2018, ATAI launched renewed activities to generate learning across its portfolio of field experiments. As part of these efforts, the Assistant/Associate Specialist will focus on a series of activities to examine ATAI data resources, identify and advance opportunities for meta-analysis, and propel findings into the public domain.

Position scope will focus on the following:

Aggregation, analysis, and display of existing data resources: Over the past eight years, ATAI has supported nearly 50 randomized evaluations in 17 different countries across Sub-Saharan African and South Asia. As a member of the project team on the UC Berkeley campus, the Assistant/Associate Specialist will aggregate these resources as part of a new “ATAI dataverse,” working collaboratively with J-PAL’s knowledge management and data quality team to build and maintain the portal. As data is brought together, the Assistant/Associate Specialist will collaborate with ATAI’s faculty directors to identify ways to link this information in a manner that allows for meta-analysis and maximum cross-study comparability. The Assistant/Associate Specialist will support analysis, suggesting hypotheses, performing analytics, and reporting findings. The ATAI Assistant/Associate Specialist will similarly work with J-PAL’s knowledge management and data quality team to specifically assess the program’s costing data, organizing and presenting this information in a manner that ultimately allows ATAI to compare across interventions and potentially project cost-effectiveness for replications and scale-ups of programs tested elsewhere.

Advise and support new data collection efforts:

ATAI is preparing to launch a new “diagnostic” funding window to encourage researchers to collect information on areas where good descriptive data is lacking. In the immediate term, diagnostic data collection exercises will be oriented toward gender equity, nutrition, food security, and longer-term indicators of economic diversification, agroindustry, value addition, and mechanization.

The goals of this mechanism include building foundational knowledge that opens new avenues of inquiry, harmonizing data collection across studies, generating hypotheses, and offering insights for program and policy planners. The ATAI Assistant/Associate Specialist will support the program’s faculty directors in making recommendations of where valuable diagnostic data could be collected, the mechanisms by which to do so, and then analyze this information to inform policy and research questions.

Responsibilities:

Work closely with faculty leaders and staff from ATAI to develop a robust data analytics research agenda for the program

Work with faculty leaders to suggest key hypotheses to test using ATAI data and other data sources

Perform data analytics and report hypotheses, summary statistics, and findings to ATAI faculty in a clear, logical, and reproducible manner

Develop visualizations, summary statistics, and presentations, which use ATAI data inform policy and research communities on the advancement of smallholder agriculture

Develop and manage the ATAI dataverse, collaborating with J-PAL’s knowledge management and data quality team to support regular flow of data publication, tracking project completion and compliance with data publication policies

Identify datasets that can be linked with ATAI survey data, perform linkages, and display results

Become familiar with ATAI’s datasets (including fields, data types, and constraints), and the software used to view and analyze them (GIS skills strongly preferred)

Collaborate with J-PAL’s knowledge management and data quality team to assess and implement options for cost effectiveness analysis across the ATAI portfolio

Review ATAI funding applications, assessing opportunities for additional “diagnostic” data collection exercises, advising faculty directors, and proposing data collection methods

Serve as resource for ATAI on survey questions, modules, and data collection strategies for ATAI’s new “transformation metrics”

Understand and adhere to ATAI’s policies and protocols regarding data security and confidentiality

Basic qualifications (required at the time of application):

Master's or equivalent international degree.

Additional Qualifications (required by the time of hire):

Minimum of 3 years post degree research-related experience

Preferred Qualifications:

A PhD or equivalent international degree in economics, social sciences, public policy, mathematics or statistics

3 years of experience managing large, heterogeneous spatial data set.

3 years experience working with surveys.

3 years experience using the following software: GIS,R,Stata, SAS and/or Microstarategy

Experience designing, managing, and implementing different data gathering strategies, including:

(i) semi-structured interviews, (ii) focus groups, and (iii) surveys;

Interest in agricultural development and ways in which quantitative research and data science can be used to create valuable global public goods

Familiarity with randomized controlled trials

Experience working in developing countries (preferably in a research-related capacity)

Experience cleaning, labelling, and documenting datasets for public repositories

Experience developing data visualizations (using Tableau or similar platform) that are accessible to non-academic audiences

Ability to interact with individuals at all levels in a fast-paced environment, sometimes under

pressure, while remaining flexible, proactive, tactful, resourceful and efficient, and with a high level of professionalism and confidentiality.

Training in microeconomics, econometrics, and statistics

This is a two-year full-time position with possibility for extension pending funding. The anticipated start date is late May/June, 2019.

How to Apply:

To apply, click here https://aprecruit.berkeley.edu/JPF02109, and follow the instructions to submit your application:

This position will be open until filled. Please address inquiries to Jeanette Aguilar, HR and Operations Senior Associate, Center for Effective Global Action (CEGA), University of California Berkeley, jaguilar@berkeley.edu.

The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. For the complete University of California nondiscrimination and affirmative action policy, see: http://policy.ucop.edu/doc/4000376/NondiscrimAffirmAct.

Job location

Berkeley, Californina

Requirements

Document requirements

Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.

Cover Letter
