Location: Metro Detroit Duration: 6 mos + Data Scientist Job Overview We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our process modelling team with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Responsibilities • Work with stakeholders/subject matter experts to understand the process and data. • Mine and analyze data from company databases to gain insight into the most impactful variables in the process • Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. • Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. • Use predictive modeling to predict things such as energy consumption, values in process based on many different variables from a variety of sources • Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. • Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. TECHNICAL SKILLS REQUIRED: • Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. • Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. • Experience working with and creating data architectures. • Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. • Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. • A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. Nesco Resource is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.
