Read what people are saying about working here. 

Build the future of mobile games with MZ!

As a global leader in mobile gaming, we’re dedicated to developing games the world can’t wait to experience. Games like Final Fantasy XV: A New Empire, Mobile Strike, and Game of War: Fire Age.

We build massive mobile games that break down linguistic and geographic barriers by uniting an unprecedented number of global players in one gaming world. Our team pushes the boundaries of innovation in a player-driven ecosystem.

As a studio, we are masters of our own destiny, untethered by the traditional publisher model. Every update and feature creates amazing experiences for millions of players!

_______________________________

Data driven decision-making is integral to game development, platform, marketing and operations at MZ. We’re looking for a sharp, disciplined, and highly quantitative data scientists with statistical modeling experience and a passion for games and digital marketing technologies to help drive informed decision-making. You will work with top-talent and cutting edge technology on, for example, but not limited to, performance marketing and next-generation games and have a unique opportunity to turn your insights into products used by millions of users. The potential candidate will have an extensive background in a quantitative field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. The candidate should be results-driven, highly motivated to take up new initiatives and have a track record of using data analytics to drive the understanding, growth and success of a product. Your work will directly impact millions of end-users in the future. This is your chance to leave your legacy and be part of a highly successful and growth company!

What you'll be doing:

Collaborate with colleagues across multiple teams (Marketing, Game and Data Science Engineering) on unique challenges at scale

Design and evaluate experiments to monitor key product metrics, understand root causes of changes in metrics

Build predictive models and automated machine learning pipelines to guide marketing campaign strategies with actionable insights, by analyzing high velocity streaming data

Research new algorithms to assess the efficacy of marketing campaigns and for real-time bidding, e.g. programmatic buying in DSP / Google / Facebook

Design experiments to answer targeted questions via hypothesis testing such as: 1) Understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends and 2) Identifying levers to help move key metrics

Work in a collaborative team environment with other highly skilled specialists in gaming, ad-tech, statistics, machine learning, and engineering

Your background and who you are:

MS or Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Bioinformatics or a MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science with focus on Data Mining, Machine Learning

4+ years of experience with development of statistical learning models and their validation with real large datasets (GB/TB)

4+ years of experience with R or Python, familiar with SQL

Experience with mining of big data streams by leveraging frameworks such as Spark, Hive, Pig, etc.

Extensive knowhow of the literature of one or more of the following: time series analysis, experiment design, classification, clustering, optimization, recommendation system, deep learning

An effective communicator – you shall be an ambassador of MZ marketing data science at external forums

Bonus Points:

Prior experience with ads product development (e.g., DSP/ad-exchange/SSP) and established track record of innovation would be a big plus

Contributions to open source (e.g., R/python packages) would be a plus

MZ is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, national origin, age, disability, medical condition, religion, marital status or veteran status, or any other basis protected by law.

#LI-POST
