Read what people are saying about working here. 

Summary

Esurance is looking for a Data Scientist to join a dynamic and award-winning team of individuals who are committed to making insurance smarter, easier, and dare we say- cooler. As part of a growing company that is focused on providing an outstanding customer experience, you’ll have the opportunity to expand your skills and discover your potential.

If you’re looking for a career at a socially conscious company that offers great benefits — including matching 401k and tuition reimbursement — then you may have just found your new home.

Esurance combines the spunk of a startup company with the backing of Allstate (the largest publicly held personal lines insurer in the U.S.) to create a unique, energized, and exciting place to work.

Responsibilities

Esurance has created a centralized data science group that is responsible for helping business units make objective decisions using science. The group supports overall business operations by delivering critical analytical insights and indepth consultative analyses. This group also develops applications/ platforms that are used to deploy analytics in real time to improve business operations.

Job Responsibilities:

Working with business stakeholders to deeply understand business problems and pain points

Developing algorithms and predictive models using large amounts of structured and unstructured data

Collaborating with internal technology team to deploy solutions for real-time decisions

Designing experiments to determine efficacy of solutions

Providing on-going performance monitoring of decision systems and statistical models

Qualifications:

Excellent knowledge of a high-level language for statistical and scientific computing (R, Python or similar)

Extensive experience in data management and data scrubbing

Strong aptitude towards math and programming

Ability to communicate complex information in a way that is clear and easily understood

Experience / Education:

Bachelor Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, a related field or equivalent education/experience required; PhD or

Masters degree preferred

2+ years’ relevant quantitative and qualitative research and analytics experience

Experience deploying machine-learning techniques for dimensionality reduction, regression, clustering, and classification to solve real-world problems

Qualifications

Benefits

At Esurance, being committed to our employees is not just something we say, it’s something we do. Our benefits package is designed to help our associates stay healthy, meet their long-term financial goals, and balance the demands of work and personal life. Esurance rewards hard work, dedication, and creativity with competitive salaries and a generous bonus system. We are committed to our employees and we are dedicated to creating a diverse, positive, innovative and team-oriented work environment.

Health & wellness

Medical, vision, and dental insurance

Life insurance (company-paid and supplemental)

Accidental death and dismemberment coverage

Wellness coaching and incentives

Group critical illness coverage

Accident indemnity and hospital indemnity plans

Group legal

Savings

401(k) plan with annual matching contribution

Referral bonuses

Performance-rewarding bonus system

Tuition assistance program (up to $5,250 per year)

Health savings and flexible spending accounts

Commuter benefits

Family & Community

Adoption assistance

Maternity leave

Buckle Up Baby program

Pet insurance discount

Charitable gift matching

Give Time, Get Time volunteer program

Employee Assistance Program

Time off

Short-term disability

Long-term disability (employee-paid option)

Paid time off (holidays, vacation, etc.)

 Esurance, a member of the Allstate family, offers car, motorcycle, homeowners, and renters coverage. Founded in 1999, we've grown from ju...
