Read what people are saying about working here. 

Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions – underpinned by the world’s largest delivery network – Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With approximately 425,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives.

Visit us at www.accenture.com.

People in the Innovation & Thought Leadership career track drive asset innovation and marketplace reputation within a specific area of expertise. They grow into thought leadership roles, by increasing the depth of their expertise and reputation as an expert or innovator, and can progress either in role, laterally, or upward.

Job Description

The Data Science Specialist will be part of Accenture Analytics as a Service Core Data Scientist team. They will be coordinating with the team that identifies and develops advanced analytics statistical models, machine learning methods and solutions for Accenture operations clients to improve various business outcome indicators. Objectives of the team is to Successfully develop, conceptualize and test various statistical and machine learning models Integrates the outcomes as real time analytics to elevate the Accenture s ability to create value for clients in areas and through means not immediately apparent to clients. Data Scientists in Operations follow multiple approaches for project execution from adapting existing assets to Operations use cases, exploring third party and open source solutions for speed to execution and for specific use cases, and engaging in fundamental research to develop novel solutions. They also leverage the vast global network of Accenture to collaborate with Accenture Tech Labs, Accenture Open Innovation and Accenture Analytics for creating solutions. Data Scientists are expected to collaborate with other data scientists, subject matter experts, sales, and delivery teams from Accenture locations around the globe to deliver strategic advanced analytics projects from design to execution.

Key Responsibilities

Successfully develop, conceptualize and test various statistical and machine learning models

Integrate the outcomes as real time analytics to elevate Accenture’s ability to create value for clients in areas and through means not immediately apparent to clients

Basic Qualifications

Master s or Ph.D. Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Economics

Minimum of 1 year statistical and other tools languages SAS, C, C , Java, Python

Minimum of 1 year programming experience C, C , Java, SAS, Python

Preferred Skills

Some knowledge and intuition in relevant domains F A, Procurement, Fraud, Infrastructure Analytics, eCommerce, Security, Retail, Supply Chain Health Care, Pharma, Retail with hands on experience handling data driven decisions

Proven background in at least one of the following; Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, Classification Models, Cluster Analysis, Neural Networks, Non parametric Methods, Multivariate Statistics, Reliability Models, Markov Models, Stochastic models, Bayesian Models

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture.

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Accenture is a federal contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.

 Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, d...
