Summary

Posted: Mar 12, 2019

Role Number: 200044224

The Internet Software & Services Payments + Commerce Analytics team is looking for an exceptional data scientist/Econometrician to play an integral role in helping the business make decisions using data. You will partner with key stakeholders across ApplePay, Payments, Commerce and gift card teams as you manage, refine, and create an innovative and integrated forecasting system. This will include leveraging large and complex data sources with advanced analytical techniques to deliver dynamic and intuitive forecasting tools that help the team understand what drives our business. In this role you will also perform complex scenario simulation modeling to help the business forecast the potential changes in the business and customer behavior that may occur with each new payments and commerce initiative.
The position reports to the head of Worldwide Head of Data Science and Applied Machine Learning for the IS&S Payments and Commerce analytics team, and will partner with another data scientist on our forecasting system and ad hoc requests.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter with wide range of technical skills, and is highly proficient in turning data discoveries into analytical insights. This is a hands-on role involving a mix of exploratory data analysis and predictive model development aimed at linking business actions and metrics, market conditions, and consumer behaviors to key marketing & business outcomes.

Key Qualifications

You have a strong passion for empirical research and answering hard questions with data; the demonstrated ability to conceptualize, promote and implement new ideas for the business.

You are a seasoned applied econometric professional with 7+ years of experience in developing and maintaining predictive modeling solutions for sales and marketing investments.

Manage econometric analytics projects through all phases, including data quality, data modeling, statistical analysis, data visualization and presentation of results and deliverables.

Manage workflows, requirements and projects in collaboration with IT partners.

You have a strong passion for conceptualizing, documenting and deploying complex analytical plans to solve business problems.

Be a self-starter, driven, accountable and a highly spirited team player.

You have strong writing, data visualization and communication skills with the ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to senior executives. Experience with Tableau is highly desirable.

Description

Conceive and design end to end optimized data platforms and customer analytic scripted solutions using SAS, TeraData and Python. Experience building forecasting and or econometric systems in Spark + Hadoop with Python or R highly preferred.
You have expert application knowledge of Applied Regression techniques including, but not limited to -, Linear, Logistic, Mixed models, Distributed Lags, Time Series, General Linear models & Simultaneous equations. Ideal candidates will also have experience in the use of Neural Network models for sales forecasting and GAM models.
You are also an expert in application of Multivariate techniques like - Random Coefficient models, Canonical Discriminant models, Exploratory and Confirmatory Factor Analysis, Canonical Correlations.
Ideal candidates are proficient in Base SAS, SAS STAT & SAS Macros and you have working knowledge of SAS - Enterprise Guide/Miner. R/Python within Spark/Hadoop clusters highly preferred.
Have strong working knowledge of database structures and data warehousing principles and have solid experience in SQL with the ability to ETL both structured and unstructured data from various sources; experience with Teradata highly preferred.

Education & Experience

Bachelors degree required in Applied Econometrics, Statistics, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Analytics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, or related field. Advanced degree highly preferred.

 This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama...
