We are looking for an accomplished data scientist / analytics expert who has a proven record of designing and implementing custom data analytics solutions. In return, we can offer an exciting and rewarding career with provide plenty of opportunities to learn and develop. The Role You will lead the development of innovative data-driven software solutions to help our clients overcome a variety of science and engineering challenges, all related to the capture, storage, visualisation and analysis of complex data. Projects can span a range of activities and your responsibilities will include: ●   Analytics expertise: use your domain knowledge to understand the complex analytics challenges affecting our clients, who are primarily in oil and gas. ●   Requirements capture: work closely with clients to help clarify their analytics needs and suggest technical solutions and business approaches to address those needs. ●   Technical leadership: lead teams of first-class data scientists and consultants as they develop innovative analytics solutions using their expertise in data analysis, modelling and simulation, visualisation, artificial intelligence and machine learning. ●   Client facing: build strong relationships, collaborate with clients and colleagues and communicate clearly about project goals, challenges and results. ●   Project Management: successfully manage projects to ensure they are efficiently delivered within budget, on time and meet – or exceed – client expectations. ●   Line Management: directly manage and mentor junior staff and provide support to enable them to develop exciting careers. Career Development and Training We offer excellent prospects for your future. While we do offer traditional career paths, most staff end up shaping their own based on their aspirations, the skills they have developed and the projects they have worked on. We take personal development seriously and all staff receive an annual training allowance of 150 hours, which can be used to learn new technical and soft skills, often leading to recognised professional qualifications. About Tessella Tessella is the Analytics World Class Center of the Altran Group, a global leader in innovation and high-tech engineering consulting. We are leaders in the field of data science and analytics and we have developed a reputation for helping clients solve their most complex technical challenges by unlocking the power of their data, enabling them to make better-informed business decisions. Our work is at the cutting-edge of high-tech R&D and our projects are varied and rewarding. For example, in pharmaceutical companies we solve computational problems for chemists at the early stages of drug discovery and development, ultimately getting drugs to market faster. We help consumer goods companies model and simulate new product ideas and perform data analysis to improve their processes. We also support oil and gas engineers with the computational challenges of exploration and production, from reservoir modelling to writing control systems. In space and defence, we have written algorithms and solved complex mathematical problems to control satellites and radar systems.
