The Data Scientist's primary role is to support the development, validation and maintenance of decision scoring models across the areas of Marketing, Operations, Profitability and Risk. The Data Scientist will lead the root cause analysis, issue resolution, and technology development regarding modeling and analytical infrastructure and associated tools and processes. This individual will be responsible for supporting scorecard implementations, cut-off strategies, oversight of scorecards monitoring, and related recommendations regarding scorecard re-alignment or re-development. Additionally it is expected that this individual will clearly communicate findings to the Senior management team and relevant business units. This role uses independence and judgment, works within the scope to solve problems. Is accountable for the quality, timeliness, and accuracy of own work. Key Areas of Responsibility: Prioritize and manage the response to ad-hoc requests from the business functions Develop and monitor champion/challenger strategies Support the develop next generation tools to reduce scorecard development time without degrading benchmark performance Liaise with business stakeholders to understand modeling requirements, and provide direction and oversight on modeling options. Critical & Essential Tasks Utilize customer information and behavioral scoring models to enhance business strategies Ensure that data is fit for purpose, is optimized for analytical work, and new data sources are evaluated and integrated Work with the relevant teams to analyze and recommend appropriate cut-off strategies Build decision models to support operational strategies Build test and Control strategies to improve learning Ensure the use of challenger modeling techniques to validate and adapt modeling strategies Design, develop and maintain decisioning models across business units Design algorithms as required Utilize Machine Learning Support the creation and maintenance of the analytical forum Provide training to junior analysts, work with external data vendors, and take other leadership roles as needed. Assist with special projects and in other areas of product and process area. This job position can include travel outside the US. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the critical tasks listed above satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the critical tasks. 5+ years related expense including model development, report development, SAS/SQL/R Demonstrated knowledge of statistical modeling techniques Demonstrated ability to prepare and interpret business plans. Demonstrated experience in working with large data sets Demonstrated strong communication skills e ability to communicate with people at all levels in an organization Demonstrated Programming ability in SAS or alternative scorecard development tools Rigorous attention to detail and accuracy in work; and time management and organizational skills. Able to work under own initiative, with minimal supervision Able to work under own initiative as well as in a group Demonstrate a strong knowledge of applicable usage of Excel, SQL and MS Office package Demonstrate ability to communicate complex analytic results in a clear and concise manner Previous use of SPSS advantageous Education Requirements PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, or related field EZCORP participates in the E-Verify Program (Department of Homeland Security) which electronically verifies the employment eligibility, identity, and Social Security number validity of all new hires and rehires.
