National healthcare organization offering a work atmosphere committed to statistical and analytical quality while exploring and leveraging leading edge methodologies for product customization and development.  We are looking for an individual who enjoys designing and building report deliverables and using data to answer challenging patient care and business questions, all within a dynamic team environment.  We are interested in individuals with the ability to learn quickly, solve problems creatively, and that bring strong communication skills and work ethic while delivering innovative, high quality reporting and analyses to our clients.       This role plays a critical part in designing and building standardized health outcomes reports for our clients. Applicants should have SQL expertise in a SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) environment that includes, at minimum, experience using subqueries to pull database results. Technical report building skills, combined with data management and statistical skills, will be used to drive improvements in patient care. Advanced knowledge and experience with “real world” data and an interest in behavioral health/clinical outcomes are required.   A successful member of our data science team will have a natural curiosity for research, an aptitude for analytics, a desire for data-driven decision making, and interest in improving mental health treatment and outcomes.   Duties and Responsibilities Provide support to Senior Data Scientist and other Data Scientists in standardized report design and building, data management, data cleaning, and analysis. Drafting both standardized and ad hoc analytics reports for non-technical audiences including visual displays of results. Write new SPSS syntax code and/or modify existing code to conduct analyses. Verify accuracy of reports produced by other Data Scientists.   The ideal candidate has experience building automated reports in an SSRS environment, or at minimum a desire to learn this skill. |National healthcare organization offering a work atmosphere committed to statistical and analytical quality while exploring and leveraging leading edge methodologies for product customization and development.  We are looking for an individual who enjoys designing and building report deliverables and using data to answer challenging patient care and business questions, all within a dynamic team environment.  We are interested in individuals with the ability to learn quickly, solve problems creatively, and that bring strong communication skills and work ethic while delivering innovative, high quality reporting and analyses to our clients.    | |This role plays a critical part in designing and building standardized health outcomes reports for our clients. Applicants should have SQL expertise in a SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) environment that includes, at minimum, experience using subqueries to pull database results. Technical report building skills, combined with data management and statistical skills, will be used to drive improvements in patient care. Advanced knowledge and experience with “real world” data and an interest in behavioral health/clinical outcomes are required.   A successful member of our data science team will have a natural curiosity for research, an aptitude for analytics, a desire for data-driven decision making, and interest in improving mental health treatment and outcomes.| |Duties and Responsibilities|Provide support to Senior Data Scientist and other Data Scientists in standardized report design and building, data management, data cleaning, and analysis. Drafting both standardized and ad hoc analytics reports for non-technical audiences including visual displays of results. Write new SPSS syntax code and/or modify existing code to conduct analyses. Verify accuracy of reports produced by other Data Scientists.
