Come join Intuit as a Senior Data Scientist, Business Analytics, in the Data Analytics & Science team. We are looking for creative problem solvers with a passion to deliver data-driven insights. This position works alongside product manager, product developer, and analytics partners to deliver business results using data for insights and optimization.        The Team     The Small Business Data Analytics & Science team drives user growth and retention using product insights and marketing optimization for the Small Business Group (i.e. Intuit QuickBooks). We are an exciting, growing and fun team that works with industry-leading analytics tools, techniques and best practices.          The Role     We are seeking a Senior Analyst who will partner with our product management team to measure product feature usage, understand customer behavior, therefore improve customer user experience. The successful candidate will have a strong combination of both technical data skills and excellent communication skills.  
 
 Partner with Product Management by providing actionable insights from data to deliver awesome use experiences for QuickBooks customers  
 Proactively perform data exploration on user behavior to discover opportunities for designing personalization algorithms   
 Perform hands-on data analysis and modeling with huge data sets.  
 Create dashboards to understand early user engagement and proactively come up with ideas to improve product experience   
 Work side-by-side with cross-functional team including product managers, software engineers, and designers to improve product feature design and user experience  
 Solid communication skills: Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences    
 
 4+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging analytics to drive significant business impact.  
 Advanced SQL skills to get the data you need from a warehouse (Vertica, Hive, SparkSQL, etc) and perform data segmentation and aggregation from scratch  
 Proficiency in visualization tools such as Tableau  
 Experience in modern advanced analytical tools and programming languages such as R or Python with scikit-learn.  
 Outstanding communication skills with the ability to influence decision makers and build consensus with teams  
 BS, MS, or PhD in an appropriate technology field (Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research).          Preferred Additional Experience   
 Experience in data mining algorithms and statistical modeling techniques such as clustering, classification, regression, decision trees, random forest, neural network, support vector machines, recommendation engine, sequential pattern discovery, and text mining.  
 Strong background working with machine learning methods and experience in implementing and extending ML algorithms.  
 Apache Spark and the Hadoop ecosystem.    
 Ensemble Methods, Deep Learning, and other topics in the Machine Learning community   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Mountain View, CA 94043 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         9205-9172
