Read what people are saying about working here. 

Data Scientist - Minneapolis-190006789

At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.

U.S. Bank is currently seeking an experienced Data Scientist to join our Enterprise Research & Analytics (ERA) team. Reporting to a lead data scientist, this person will use statistical modeling and machine learning algorithms to support personalization efforts. They will be responsible for the modeling process from end-to-end, including data gathering, feature engineering, model build and validation, and implementation into production systems.

The ideal candidate will be a motivated professional who is passionate about data and has strong technical and analytical skills, understands the business goals/needs, and is committed to delivering data driven insights that lead to actionable recommendations.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, engineering, econometrics, computer science or applied mathematics

5 - 7 years of analytics experience

Advanced knowledge of predictive analytics and machine learning techniques

Proficiency in data science tools such as R, Python, Spark, Hadoop, SQL

Experience querying large databases

Preferred Skills/Experience

Advanced degree

Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau

Demonstrated project management and organizational skills

Strong verbal and written communication skills

Proven track record of seeing complicated projects through to completion

Work independently to drive results

Impeccable attention to details

Excited about rolling up your sleeves and getting hands-on with the data

Comfortable with data ambiguity

Great team player

Someone who thrives in a fast-paced, can-do environment

Experience in the financial services industry is a plus

Job Project Management / Analysis

Primary Location Minnesota-MN-Richfield

Shift 1st - Daytime

Travel Yes, 5 % of the Time

Average Hours Per Week 40

 Not quite a bank for the entire US, U.S. Bancorp is nonetheless one of the ten largest bank holding companies in the country. It owns U.S...
