Read what people are saying about working here. 

Caring for the world, one person at a time has inspired and united the people of Johnson & Johnson for over 125 years. We embrace research and science - bringing innovative ideas, products and services to advance the health and well-being of people. Employees of the Johnson & Johnson Family of Companies work with partners in health care to touch the lives of over a billion people every day, throughout the world.

With over $75 billion in 2017 sales, Johnson & Johnson is the world's most comprehensive and broadly based manufacturer of health care products, as well as a provider of related services, for the consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices and diagnostics markets. There are more than 265 Johnson & Johnson operating companies employing approximately 126,500 people and with products touching the lives of over a billion people every day, throughout the world. If you have the talent and desire to touch the world, Johnson & Johnson has the career opportunities to help make it happen.

The Workforce Analytics team at Johnson & Johnson provides the insights and perspective on our employees and workforce that allow us to fulfill our mission of helping people everywhere live longer, healthier, happier lives.

As a Data Scientist with Workforce Analytics you will partner with colleagues as well as internal partners and external organizations to apply algorithms and methods to address critical questions about our workforce. You will work with a variety of internal and external partners to help ensure that our investment in people aligns with the overall strategy of our organization. Your contributions will help ensure we continue to grow the rich culture and workplace that inspire the people of Johnson & Johnson.

Responsibilities:

Translate key business questions to conceive, design, develop, and execute analytical solutions. End-to-end analytical solutions may include developing requirements, gathering/processing/analyzing data, and delivering insights through various channels (presentations, applications, other content).

Participate in project teams comprised of internal and external team members

Elicit needs and act in a primary role as a trusted business and analytical partner.

Keep up-to-date on the leading edge of data mining and machine learning research by doing novel studies and keeping apprised with industry research/practices

Serve as part of a dynamic team with success hinging on effective collaboration with other team members.

Work with large, complex data sets demonstrating extraordinary judgment and discretion when dealing with highly sensitive people data.

Make business recommendations by delivering effective presentations of findings through effective visual displays of quantitative and qualitative information.

Qualifications

Minimum of Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence or other related discipline is required; Masters preferred.

Minimum of 2 years experience applying machine learning algorithms and data mining approaches in an applied setting is required.

A deep understanding of modern machine learning techniques/algorithms and their mathematical foundations to apply and tailor as necessary to include supervised, unsupervised, and semi-supervised learning methods is required.

Understanding of applied statistics (e.g., advanced statistical analysis, underlying assumptions of statistical modeling, interpretation of statistical results) and know which methods are most appropriate for a given research problem is required.

Proficient in R or Python program languages is preferred including ability to write code.

Strong interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal).

Experience working with human resources/people data is a plus.

This position will be primarily located in New Brunswick, NJ with up to 5% domestic travel required.

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Primary Location

United States-New Jersey-New Brunswick-

Other Locations

North America-United States

Organization

Johnson & Johnson (6067)

Job Function

Operations (Generalist)

Requisition ID

8170190308
 Johnson & Johnson embraces research and science - bringing innovative ideas, products and services to the health and well-being of people...
