Data Scientist Location: Philadelphia, PA 19103 Job Description:                The Mobile Business Intelligence team is looking for a Data Scientist who will support our operations and data architecture teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. You must be that person who can create value out of data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Such a person proactively fetches information from various sources and analyzes it for better understanding about how the business performs. Additionally, they can utilize AI tools to automate certain processes. This person must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. This Data Scientist must possess the skill-sets necessary to hit the ground running and must be willing to learn about the mobile phone business while solving problems quickly and efficiently. Position Responsibilities: Working with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
