Read what people are saying about working here. 

Who we are

Twitter serves the public conversation. Events break on Twitter, from massive and world-changing to the local tech conference. Users exchange and shape their thoughts by forming communities with shared interests.

The Consumer Data Science organization works closely with our cross-functional partners, and Twitter’s leadership to understand user behavior, inform product decisions, safeguard the health and integrity of our services, and to influence company strategy. We are currently hiring for the following subteams on Consumer Data Science. These high-impact teams value creativity, critical thinking, and teamwork.

The Consumer Data Science organization is hiring Data Scientists in the following areas:

Health - The goal of this team is to improve the health of the public conversation, ensuring that users feel safe while using our platform. As part of our team, you'll help the Health Organization make strategic decisions that ensure that Twitter is a safe and informative experience for our customers. You will do this by performing and mentoring others through analyses, metrics, experimentation, research, and more.

Growth - Their mission is to increase Twitter’s daily utility for new and returning users through impactful and creative applications of experimentation and data analysis. As a key member of Growth Data Science, your work will directly influence exciting new product areas and help grow Twitter usage around the globe.

Conversations- This team designs metrics, perform analyses and runs experiments to better understand the public conversation happening on Twitter. We work cross-functionally with a variety of teams ranging from Direct Messages to Timelines Ranking to facilitate decision-making.

Metrics - This team works to support company strategy by helping to define, maintain, and understand key success metrics to ensure that we continue to meet the demands of our customers.

What You’ll Do:

Support the entire product development lifecycle from product ideation to opportunity sizing to measurement design to experimentation and causal analysis to post-launch learning and iteration into the next development cycle.

"Design and implement experiments or other econometric methods to understand how changes to the platform affect user behavior."

Build novel metrics, identify the impact of product and policies, and study causal impact of our Product launches and Health initiatives.

Work in tandem with team members, applying advanced statistical methods; writing complex data flows using multiple languages/frameworks such as SQL, Scala (Scalding, Spark), Python; and using data visualization tools.

Communicate findings to executives and cross-functional stakeholders.

Cultivate relationships within our teams and with our partners.

Who You are:

You are a self-starter who is capable of learning on the job, taking initiative, and thriving within a large team.

You are excited to learn and apply new data analysis techniques and tools. You are passionate about insights, not just data and methods. You are a strategic thinker and are able to synthesize technical concepts into actionable recommendations for a diverse audience.

You communicate your findings clearly and effectively to a wide audience of relevant partners and are capable of building meaningful presentations and analyses that tell a story.

You are rigorous, care about data quality, and strive to understand surprising results and underlying mechanisms in your analyses. You combine business insight with detailed data knowledge and statistical expertise to ensure an accurate interpretation of results.

You are a capable mentor. You enjoy knowledge sharing and working with junior teammates to uplevel their skills and take the time to learn from them.

You value teamwork and teammates. You contribute positively and meaningfully to cultivate an inclusive team culture. You are personable, empathetic, and able to connect with each and every person on the team and throughout the company.

Requirements:

Masters or Ph.D. involving quantitative data analysis or commensurate work experience.

Experience working with and analyzing large datasets to understand behavior, solve problems, and answer business questions.

Strong knowledge of statistics.

Experience using SQL, R, or Python for analysis, modeling, and data visualization.

We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer.

We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.

San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

 Twitter is an American online news and social networking service on which users post and interact with short messages known as tweets.  T...
