Read what people are saying about working here. 

General Information

Ref #: 25256

Employee Type: Full Time

Location: New York

Experienced Required: Please See Below

Education Required: Bachelors Degree

Date published: 15-Mar-2019

About Us:

We are PIMCO, a leading global asset management firm. We manage investments and develop solutions across the full spectrum of asset classes, strategies and vehicles: fixed income, equities, commodities, asset allocation, ETFs, hedge funds and private equity. PIMCO is one of the largest investment managers, actively managing more than $1.66 trillion in assets for clients around the world. PIMCO has over 2,500 employees in 14 offices globally. PIMCO is recognized as an innovator, industry thought leader and trusted advisor to our clients.

PIMCO is one of the world’s premier fixed income investment managers with thousands of professionals around the world united in a single purpose: creating opportunities for our clients in every environment. Since 1971, we have brought innovation and expertise to our partnership with the institutions, financial advisors and millions of individual investors who entrust us with their assets. We aspire to cultivate performance and leadership through empowering our people, diversity of thought, and a commitment to an inclusive culture that engages in our global communities.

Position Description:

ABOUT THE ROLE

The primary objective of the Client Data Science team at PIMCO is to generate business growth by providing client-facing teams with insights that make them more effective in their client interactions. In doing this, we employ a variety of approaches, including: campaign targeting, product recommendation, segmentation, and network modeling.

To deliver on this mission, we are building a data science team with skills spanning asset management domain expertise, technical skills for querying, coding and data preparation, model development and evaluation, and measurement of the impact of acting on insights derived from models. The successful incumbent will bring a minimum of basic business analyst and project management skills, as well as strong communication skills.

RESPONSIBILITIES

We are seeking a Data Scientist Analyst who will be a strong contributor to analytics projects which enable quantitative decision-making for client-facing business leaders. The role’s success will in part be measured on the ability to improve the effectiveness of our partners in PIMCO’s sales, marketing, and product teams by applying data analysis, segmentation, clustering, and predictive techniques. The role also entails analysis and visualization of client-facing initiatives’ impact with statistical techniques and advanced visualizations to describe a story from the data.

In order to achieve these outcomes, responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Contribute to a series of substantial analytics projects under the supervision of an experienced practitioner. Over time, develop the skills to balance multiple projects

Build a strong knowledge of the data that describes our business, and develop strategies for developing valuable insights from it

Develop our understanding of client behavior by researching and exploiting new datasets

Develop the strong relationships needed to understand business goals in order to derive valuable insights from data

Measure and articulate the effectiveness of sales and marketing campaigns

Develop prototypes to affirm business requirements and expectations

While this role is unlikely to involve developing new analytical methods; success will depend upon the incumbent’s lateral thinking, and ability to research.

Troubleshoot and assess impact of erroneous data, and suggest solutions to correct the root cause

Employ your intellectual curiosity and learning agility to explore new techniques and algorithms; and research practices in other industries for applicability to our projects

Position Requirements:

POSITION REQUIREMENTS

Minimum of MS Degree in applied mathematics, statistics, data science, or similar quantitative field of study provides a foundation for learning and research. A Ph.D. is desirable

Minimum 1 year of experience in quantitative problem solving, which may have been gained during internships, unique projects or academic research

Skilled in predictive techniques; including the selection, configuration, optimization, and comparison of algorithms.

Familiarity with and versant in the code libraries used for predictive and machine learning in Python, including proficiency in SQL

Demonstrated ability to operate efficiently and effectively without reliance on others to prepare data or on any particular commercial analytical software suite, tool, or language

Prior experience building valuable models, employing a broad set of data science techniques, spanning supervised and unsupervised learning, graph networks, and text mining, amongst others.

Experience applying the right techniques to the right problems, understanding the nuances of configuring the models, and interpreting and explaining the results

Experience wrangling structured and unstructured data, their associated technologies, and the scripting skills required to interact with them in SQL and Python

Proficiency implementing and tuning algorithms, working on large data sets in a distributed processing environment

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS REQUIREMENTS

Excellent communication (verbal and written), facilitation, and interpersonal skills, including the ability to convey complex ideas in an efficient manner

Pragmatic balance between analytical methodology and getting to strong conclusions quickly

Flexible and open-minded with the ability to pivot based on findings to explore new avenues

Quick learner and adaptable to learn new processes, concepts, and skills

High emotional intelligence, flexible, and resilient

Highly motivated self-starter with the ability to work collaboratively and independently

Demonstrated competence in thinking strategically, analytically, conceptually, and innovatively, including the ability to synthesize and analyze data

Experience working with global teams in different time zones

Ability to multi-task, work in a demanding, fast paced environment and handle multiple, competing priorities and projects with high quality output

A hands-on practitioner with the ability to shift between operational and strategic mindsets

Benefits:

PIMCO is committed to offering a comprehensive portfolio of employee benefits designed to support the health and wellbeing of you and your family. Benefits vary by location but may include:

Medical, dental, and vision coverage

Life insurance and travel coverage

401(k) (defined contribution) retirement savings, retirement plan, pension contribution from your first day of employment

Work/life programs such as flexible work arrangements, parental leave and support, employee assistance plan, commuter benefits, health club discounts, and educational/CFA certification reimbursement programs

Community involvement opportunities with The PIMCO Foundation in each PIMCO office

 Pacific Investment Management Company (PIMCO) is fixated on fixed-income products. With more than $1.3 trillion of assets under managemen...
