Read what people are saying about working here. 

Data Scientist

Job Overview:

Packsize has a large software and hardware platform that is used around the world every day generating large amounts of data. We are looking for a Data Scientist to support our product, engineering, sales, leadership, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Our customers rely on data we generate to affect their business decisions.

What You’ll Do:

Working with product and R&D leadership you will identify opportunities for leveraging company data to affect important business decisions, objectives, and priorities. You will need to gather and use complex data sets across domains using a range of data science methodologies combined with subject matter expertise. You will deliver artifacts on projects, define methodology, and own the analysis. Solutions are testable, reproducible, and clearly communicated to technical and non-technical audiences.

Your analysis will drive the optimization and improvement of product development. Additionally, you will assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques, coordinate with cross-functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. You know your influence with your team and peers will drive the success of Packsize.

 Qualifications:

Masters in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science with two years of experience or Bachelors with five years of experience.

Years of experience in R, Python, SQL, NoSQL.

Experience with Apache Spark, Hadoop, AWS

Proficiency in Data Visualization (matplotlib, ggplot, Tableau, etc.).

You have worked in a collaborative environment.

Diving into data to discover hidden patterns and conduction error/deviation analysis.

Knowledge of various machine learning techniques and key parameters that affect their performance.

Experience working with and developing experiments and analysis plans for data modeling and determining cause and effect relationships.

Experience working with and creating data architectures.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, etc.

Excellent written and verbal communication for communicating with technical and non-technical audiences.

A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.

You innovate for your customer by being proactive in improvements and enhancements.

Are excited about solving hard problems, clearing ambiguity, and never settling.

Competencies:

Interpersonal Skills

Organizing

Problem Solving

Drive for Results

Time Management

Analytical Skills

Physical Demands and Working Conditions:

Typical office working conditions

The ability to sit for long periods

Travel 10%

Packsize is an Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, Packsize policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran’s status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities.

 For more than a decade, Packsize International LLC has been the worldwide leader in efficient packaging solutions for companies with mult...
