$50,000 - $90,000 a year

Role: As a key member of Primex’s Performance Assurance service team, the Industrial Data Scientist will acquire and analyze utility-scale electric power plant process data to support process specialists in identification and interpretation of process improvement opportunities.

Core Competencies

Apply practical data science knowledge to help solve real-world problems in the energy sector.

Innovate, improvise and cope with unexpected challenges and complex problems.

Execute multiple projects and drive key business results under a tight deadline.

Learn independently and work with minimal supervision.

Build strong interpersonal relationships with internal and external customers.

Responsibilities

Analyze industrial process data to support Performance Assurance service teams’ production of both recurring and non-recurring plant performance assessments.

Optimize existing data extraction, transformation and data warehousing systems.

Work with subject matter experts to analyze important equipment process and performance information.

Translate key findings from data analysis into clear visualizations.

Support research, development, and application of enhanced data acquisition, machine learning, and visualization tools.

Skills

Creative data mining and forensic skills.

Experience in Microsoft Excel, data software, analysis tools, programming languages, and data infrastructure technologies (e.g. Excel, Alteryx, Tableau, SQL, OSIsoft PI).

Practical knowledge of advanced pattern recognition and machine learning techniques including recurring neural network analysis.

Ability to innovate independently while managing recurring production tasks.

Adaptable and able to work for a small business.

Good oral and written communication skills, as well as visualization and presentation experience.

Qualifications

Degree in a quantitative field like science, math, computer science, engineering or similar and/or industry experience working as a data analyst/scientist/engineer.

Previous intern or other practical experience in large scale data acquisition and analysis.

Required to work out of office in Warrington, PA

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.

Please consider supplying a cover letter with your resume submission expressing your interest to work in a data analysis role for a small business in the power industry (1-2 paragraphs is sufficiennt).

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $50,000.00 to $90,000.00 /year

Experience:

OSIsoft PI System: 1 year (Preferred)

Excel: 1 year (Required)

SQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Data Mining: 1 year (Required)

Location:

Warrington, PA 18976 (Required)

Work authorization:

United States (Required)
