Work as part of the Analytics and Data Storytelling division of Sportradar US, utilize educational background in a highly quantitative field of Applied Mathematics and/or Computational Mathematics and/or Computer Science and/or Machine Learning and/or Engineering to conduct research and solve problems related to Sportradar US’ sports player-tracking data analytics products and technology, including automated sports content creation. Develop, design, and create new applications, ideas, systems, visualizations and products; apply computer technology principles and adapt them for new uses, developing solutions to software problems and guiding software development, testing, and optimization; create pattern recognition, data mining and optimization algorithms and data processing tools; participate in data and error analysis to guide advancement of Sportradar’s products.

Requires: Doctoral degree in Applied Mathematics, Computational Mathematics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, or Engineering and 2 years’ experience with data science and analytics products. Must have 2 years’ experience with:

Data mining

Natural language generation

Developing data visualizations

Sports-specific statistical analyses

Working with multiple data sources including player-tracking data

Must have 2 years’ experience with programming languages Python, MATLAB, C++, Javascript and tools MongoDB, Kibana, Jupyter Notebook, AWS, git.

Sportradar is a global leader in understanding and leveraging the power of sports data and digital content for its clients around the world. We provide cutting-edge solutions and services to media companies, bookmakers, sports federations and state authorities.

We are a truly international business employing over 2,000 people in more than 30 locations around the world. Our rapid growth has been driven by technological innovation alongside an understanding of our clients' business needs. It is our commitment to excellent service, quality and reliability that makes us the trusted partner of more than 1,000 companies in over 100 countries.

We occupy a unique position at the intersection of the sports, media and betting industries. This creates an exciting and fast-moving working environment that rewards creative thinking and hard work. We are passionate about what we do, and we care passionately about our people.

If you think you're up to the challenge, come and help us to grow, innovate and develop!
