Read what people are saying about working here. 

Who we are

Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 267 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name

DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith

DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH

NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell

Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

Build an automated system to evaluate credit risk based on the cash flow of a business applying for a Small Business Loan.

Job Description:

Build an automated system to evaluate credit risk based on the cash flow of a business applying for a Small Business Loan.

Evaluate different methods for obtaining cash flow data including, but not limited to, connections to bank account data, physical bank statements, accounting software, tax returns, and other sources.

Deliver a system to accurately read physical bank statements into a structured quantitative data format either through home-grown solutions or through third-party providers.

Deliver static and time series attributes derived from cash flow sources that could be used as candidate attributes in predictive models or decision-making strategies.

Deliver predictive models based on cash flow attributes that predicts various credit related outcomes such as probability of default.

The automated system must be scalable, and provide reasonable coverage of target applicant universe.

Manage project timelines and milestones across line of business, project management, technology, legal, compliance, and fair lending to advance project from proof-of-concept to implementation.

Individual contributor that must collaborate with a team, focusing on completing individual tasks, as well as, striving to achieve a common objective.

Qualifications:

Candidate must have an understanding of bank checking account statements and aspects of business's cash flows.

Specifically, candidate must have experience with the analytical process and decision-making techniques needed to make sound credit decisions based on financial statements and cash flow analysis.

Candidate must have 5+ years of experience in a small business credit or consumer credit-related position.

Candidate must have proven experience in the ideation, research, discovery, development, implementation, and ongoing monitoring of quantitative solutions for small business or consumer lending.

At a minimum, candidate must have a bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline; preferably an advanced degree.

Targeting strategies may include but are not limited to, risk knockouts, and pre-approvals strategies.

Underwriting strategies may include but are not limited to automation, risk rating, eligibility, risk based pricing, credit line assignment, consumer and business verification, and intentional misuse / credit abuse strategies.

Existing account strategies may include but are not limited to delinquency methodology, collections, credit bureau refresh, renewal eligibility, and asset quality. \

Monitor and analyze asset quality, and drive deep-dive analytics to identify trends based on economic and portfolio conditions, and recommending strategic enhancements to maximize the risk vs. reward tradeoff for the business unit.

Partner closely with Product and Portfolio General Managers, influences strategic direction and develops tactical plans to achieve strategic business and client objectives.

Create business partnerships across the enterprise to enhance value proposition, improve customer experience and strengthen regulatory and compliance alignment.

Influences strategic direction and develops tactical plans.

Subsidiary:

Swift

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

Wilmington, Delaware, United States of America

Additional Locations:

Bachelors Degree or Equivalent

English

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.

 Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democr...
