Apex Systems, the 2nd largest IT staffing and consulting firm in the Nation is searching for qualified candidates for a new cutting edge opportunity as a Data Scientist with one of our top clients based in Memphis, TN. This opportunity is a 6 month contract with potential to extend based on performance and budget. If you are interested in applying for this opportunity please send your up to date resume, and contact information directly to Reece Belmondo via [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] JOB DESCRIPTION: Data Scientist Location: Memphis, TN Length: 6 month contract (potential to extend based on performance and budget) Pay Rate: Highly competitive and negotiable based on experience Benefits: Overview provided upon request Data Scientist Responsibilities: Support interconnected devices project (IoT). Perform data analysis on the data that is being captured through logging within application log. Look for patterns within the data to identify problems proactively. Pull data from data sources by writing simple and complex SQL queries, and stored procedures. Work with data that is stored within MySQL database (current data) as well as Amazon Redshift (historic data) within AWS cloud environment. Analyze and sometimes create reports, visualizations, and dashboards in Tableau presentation layer. Responsible for presenting your findings to the immediate team members, not business users, to help them understand what’s available, and what is needed to help the applications. Be a resource to mentor and guide other team members. In the future, provide knowledge and experience around how to implement machine learning to identify and fix problems proactively. Data Scientist Requirements: Ability to perform data analysis on the data that is being captured through logging within application log. Experience in looking for patterns within the data to identify problems proactively. Experience in writing simple and complex SQL queries, and stored procedures. Experience working with data stored in an on prem database, and cloud environments. Preference is experience with MySQL databases, and Amazon Redshift within AWS cloud environment, but not required. Experience creating reports, visualizations, and dashboards. Preference is experience working with Tableau, but not required. Experience presenting your findings to help team members understand what’s available, and what is needed to help the applications. Experience mentoring team members. EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
