Information Security Data Scientist Los Angeles or Denver Direct hire Salary $120K We are looking for a hands-on security position working within the Information Security group and with the internal IT department at large. This position's core focus is to analyze various security data (primarily log data collected in a SIEM) and produce actionable and interesting insights regarding user behavior, emerging risks, unusual patterns, and produce other data models useful in the security space. We are needing a candidate with a strong background in statistics and probability theory as well as programming in a language such as Python, R, JavaScript, or similar. The candidate should also have a strong desire to pursue a career in Information Security and contribute to a cutting-edge team looking to move toward stronger applications of Client and data science as part of their tooling and process. The environment is fast-paced and commonly on the leading edge of technology, including early adoption of various cloud services along with the challenges of integrating those services into our security practice. Responsibilities: Learn numerous data sets to understand baseline norms Analyze the data sets to create models of the normal and the anomalous Work with the team to understand the technology stacks employed and how they relate to risk Ensure relevant data is coming into the SIEM so proper analysis can be performed Create dashboards for visualization to represent standard operational items (system health, etc.) Create dashboards specifically geared for researching or hunting specific kinds of threats Contribute to Red Team / Blue Team exercises (on the blue team) to test how well the threat detections are working and make continuous improvements Stay current on latest security trends and adapt models to remain current and applicable Play an active role in security incident response efforts, working to identify and mitigate information security threats Implement and Develop Machine Learning models for our UBA platform Required Capabilities: A bachelor's, master's, or PhD in a relevant field of work (Data Science, Statistics, Probability, Mathematics, Computer Science, etc.) Experience scripting in at least one of the following languages: PowerShell, Python, R, JavaScript, or Similar An understanding of the fundamental operations of servers, operating systems, networks and cloud applications and infrastructure Be able to discuss, at length, information security concepts and how they map on to the realities of the current technology landscape Has built and managed frameworks to test and validate the effective operation of security controls; measuring the ability to stop threats and attacks at the earliest point in the kill chain. An understanding of machine learning models and algorithms and knowledge of when and how to most effectively implement them Be a part of the ConsultNet difference. As a leading national provider of IT staffing and solutions, ConsultNet delivers exceptional services to startup, midmarket and Fortune 1000 companies across North America. Since 1996, we've partnered with clients to create rewarding opportunities for our consultants, successfully building teams that have surefire results. In the past two years alone, we have placed more than 1,500 consultants in contract, contract-to-hire, or direct placement opportunities. We understand communication is key to finding the right job that matches your skills and career goals. For us, it's not just the work that we do; it's how we do the work. Our breadth of offerings extends to multiple IT positions in major markets throughout the country, see more at www.consultnet.com
