Junior Data Scientist - Big Data (Entry-Level) - 1079302 
 
 


WHO WE ARE  
  
KBRwyle is a global government services organization delivering full life cycle professional and technical services from over 60 U.S. and 40 international locations. Our core capabilities include logistics, engineering, science, cyber, intelligence and security services. 
  

WHAT TO EXPECT  
  
When you become part of the KBR team, your career opportunities are endless. We offer challenging assignments on some of the world's largest and most complex projects where our customers have come to value us, because they know, We Deliver! 
  

ABOUT THIS POSITION  
  
The successful candidate will be part of a talented team developing and maintaining mission-critical applications for NAVAIR’s 6.8.4 commodity line. The successful candidate will be assigned tasks in support of data analytics tasks. Other duties include: documenting, managing configuration, testing and bug fixing. The successful candidate will be expected to utilize tools and follow processes that ensure high quality solutions are delivered. 



  
    
 

 Qualifications   


BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:   

A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, or Mathematics  

5 to 12 Months of data analysis experience  

Programming language: MUST have experience with Python and/or R  

 Clearance Requirement:  US Citizen with existing Department of Defense (DoD) clearance or US Citizen eligible for DoD clearance   

INCLUDES:  
  
Competitive health, wellness &amp; lifestyle benefits  
Inclusive, flexible and supportive company culture 
Ongoing training and development opportunities 
  

LEARN MORE ABOUT KBRwyle:  https://www.kbr.com/markets/government  
  
KBR is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, national origin, veteran status, genetic information, union status and/or beliefs, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. 
  
Monpost   
 
 Job  - Engineering, Technology, &amp; Science 
 Primary Location  - US-US-MD-Lexington Park 
 
 
  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Lexington Park, MD 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         628384
