UNCOMN is an award-winning firm, one of the country’s fastest-growing and—more importantly—a consistent ‘Top Workplace’ as evaluated by our own employees. We are a values-driven organization (see the Core Values section of our web site) looking for new Uncommon Geniuses to join our growing team. If you are an engineer, architect, analyst, hacker, and/or geek who likes to solve problems, fix things, build things, tweak things, or otherwise show creative flair, you might just be an "UNCOMN Genius."

Our mission is to empower systems thinkers to create elegant solutions to complex problems – to improve the systems that improve our communities. Our team members apply their natural curiosity and grit to discover elegant solutions for our clients’ most complex organizational, logistics, process, data, and technical challenges, with the overall goal of building great businesses that contribute to great communities.

Check out our Glassdoor employer reviews, here, and the specifics of this position, below:

UNCOMN currently has an opening for a Junior Data Scientist. The chosen candidate will work with a team of transportation/logistics planners and military operations research personnel in assisting the development and refinement of tasks, effects, and objectives. Candidate will facilitate the progress and assessment of data-driven problem solving analysis to identify significant intelligence from the operating environment and information gaps or trends from business operations for preparing senior internal leadership and external customers with decision-quality analysis. Selected candidate will work under minimal technical guidance and be responsible for developing, testing, implementing, and maintaining complex extract, transform, load (ETL) processes across enterprise-level applications, databases and/or specialized utility programs.

Required Skills

The ideal candidate will have the knowledge and understanding of methodological tools accompanied with keen attention to detail and strong analytical skills to enable the implementation and application of data science as part of an effort to identify and solve complex problems. He/she will be able to:

Provide accurate and timely data analysis to support key customer objectives; to advance customer business operations; and to shape the customer's analysis and priorities.

Apply data mining, analysis and modeling processes, optimization, and systems to extract knowledge and insights from data in various forms, both structured and unstructured, to address complex issues and problems for internal/external customers.

Conceive, prepare, and communicate a wide range of strategic, complex graphics, or written/oral assessments to internal and external peers and customers.

Apply intermediate/advanced Excel skills (formulas/VBA) and understand basics of Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN).

Required Experience

Secret clearance with the ability to attain TS/SCI

Minimum degree requested: Bachelor’s degree or 8 years’ experience in Data Science and/or relevant internship or coursework experience.

Desired background or special skills:

Experience with translating complex, technical findings into an easily understood narrative (i.e., tell a story with the data) in graphical, verbal, or written form.

Experience with leveraging multiple data management tools to organize relevant information and make decisions.

Experience developing and managing SharePoint (KM) sites.

Demonstrated on-the-job experience with analytic methods and methodological tools.

**All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin
