Position Description

We are a highly motivated group of Big Data Geeks, Data Scientists, Applications Engineers and Product Managers working in a small agile group to solve the sophisticated problem of fraud detection. We are building smart data systems that ingest, analyze massive flow of data and build predictive machine learning models. The data scientists also own the implementation of the algorithms in production giving ownership from end to end. We build compelling data visualizations and interactive dashboards to showcase our work internally and externally.

Minimum Qualifications

MS/PhD in Computer Science/ Analytics/ Operations Research/Statistics/Engineering or a related technical discipline

1-2 years of experience in data analytics, predictive modeling and machine learning using SAS, R, Python or similar statistical tools

Proficiency in database concepts, SQL, Hive and UNIX is required

Experience in analyzing massive and highly complex data sets, performing ad-hoc analysis and data manipulation and visualization tools

A passion for excellence in analytics and machine learning

Experience in programming languages would be a plus

A can-do attitude to carry out a project from design to production on a timely basis

Great communication skills, strong project management skills and teamwork, and superb attention to details

Attitude to thrive in a fun, fast-paced start-up environment with stellar team of fellow data geeks

#LI-SN1

Additional Preferred Qualifications

Company Summary

The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission.

Position Summary

We are a highly motivated group of Big Data Geeks, Data Scientists, Applications Engineers and Product Managers working in a small agile group to solve the sophisticated problem of fraud detection. We are building smart data systems that ingest, analyze massive flow of data and build predictive machine learning models. The data scientists also own the implementation of the algorithms in production giving ownership from end to end. We build compelling data visualizations and interactive dashboards to showcase our work internally and externally.

Your work will be similar to finding a needle in haystack, but with the help of cutting-edge machine learning algorithms. If you talk, speak and think data we want to talk to you. Come join our team and let’s make the difference by working together.

Your day-to-day:

Research, design and implement data models and cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to predict fraud.

For each modeling project, preparing and extracting data from large databases, designing its best structure and selecting the most appropriate features and modeling techniques which may include a combination of several modeling techniques like logistic regression, clustering algorithms, collaborative filtering algorithms, decision trees and neural networks.

Analyzing model performance and communicating model design and performance results to senior management.

Work with high dimensional and fast-moving data to build continually learning systems

Working with product managers and engineering in deploying models.

Providing on-going performance tracking reports and managing model related issues continually.

Through your work have direct impact on revenue and bottom line

 Walmart Global eCommerce is made up of Walmart.com, VUDU, and SamsClub.com and is powered by @Walmartlabs!

Our business experts, front...
