Read what people are saying about working here. 

What You’ll Do

This position provides professional and technical support in the areas of psychometrics, statistics, data management, test development, performance monitoring, and test service relationships for Cisco Certifications. This individual is also responsible for ensuring the development, scoring, analysis and score interpretations of Cisco Certifications are in compliance with industry standards.

Responsibilities include conducting psychometric services to support the design, development, and maintenance of assessments. In this role you will:

Plan, coordinate, and conduct statistical analyses to monitor and improve assessments

Interpret findings, applying in depth knowledge of statistical procedures, psychometric methods and statistical programming to statistical design and analysis decisions.

Clearly communicate results to stakeholders both in written and verbal form.

Ensure quality control of deliverables.

Assist in developing, designing, and documenting technical and operational procedures, statistical guidelines, data interpretation materials, and other publications.

Operate independently, seek out guidance when necessary, and function collaboratively when needed.

Work cross-functionally with exam program managers, subject matter experts, project teams, stakeholders to improve current assessments, design new assessment, and provide psychometric support.

Who You’ll Work With

The Cisco Customer Experience Certifications team is transforming the future of the world's networks through our large portfolio of business-critical Cisco certifications. You will be on a team of business analysts and data scientists to directly monitor and evaluate our certification programs and provide strategic guidance to stakeholders for future growth and development. We are excited to have you join our team to work on projects that have global impact on the CX organization.

Who You Are

You’ve got a strong background in Education Measurement. You have deep knowledge of psychometrics, statistics, and performance monitoring of certification exams. You have strong skills and experience with analyzing data, summarizing results, and presenting results to stakeholders. You have a passion for answering hard questions with data. You have high attention to details and deadlines but can also can see how the details fit into the big picture.

Our Minimum requirements:

 Ph.D. in one of the following areas (or equivalent): Education Measurement, Educational Research, Educational Psychology Measurement, or Quantitative Methods.

 Experience with psychometrics, statistics, and exam performance monitoring.

 Flexible team player, with and the ability to simultaneously manage multiple priorities.

 Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to communicate technical psychometric concepts to stakeholders.

 Technical expertise in statistical packages, such as SPSS, SAS, R, Winsteps, BILOG-MG.

Why Cisco

At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.

Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.

We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.

We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.

We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.

Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco

 Bring your unique self to Cisco, where you'll join with the best people to help Cisco change the way the world lives, plays, works and le...
