Read what people are saying about working here. 

The vision of the Pricing and Merchandising Analytics team at Best Buy is to provide clear, relevant, actionable, measurable, and trusted intelligence to the enterprise, which will be acted upon to drive growth of the global enterprise. We are seeking a Data Scientist, Pricing who will provide statistical and mathematical support to partners throughout the Best Buy organization.

This role will provide advanced statistical and mathematical support to partners throughout the Best Buy organization. The ideal candidate will have a strong basis in statistical modeling techniques such as linear and logistic regression, clustering, time series modeling, and machine learning techniques. The candidate should be comfortable with variable reduction, validation techniques, serializing models, and automation.

The individual in this position will work with both end business clients and peers within the pricing and analytics teams. The individual in this role will have the credibility and technical acumen to influence business stakeholders and peer decision making around the implementation and use of advanced analytics within business decision making frameworks.

Key Responsibilities for the Data Scientist::

Develop and deliver advanced statistical and mathematical models to support fact-based decision making within the organization

Partner with the business and analytics teams to scope business questions and identify where analytics can have the greatest impact.

Present analytical concepts and project results to a variety of audiences, including peers, business stakeholders, and leadership.

As a technical leader and subject matter expert, remain current on state-of-the-art statistical methods useful in analytics and share knowledge with other analysts.

Work cross functionally within Pricing Analytics to synthesize multiple sources of information as needed.

Manage multiple, varying sized projects concurrently.

Basic Requirements

3+ years’ professional experience in mathematical or statistical modeling, or applied data analytics, applying advanced analytical techniques to solve business problems

3+ years’ experience using R and/or Python statistical modelling packages

3+ years’ experience using SQL

Preferred Qualifications:

5+ years’ experience in mathematical or statistical modeling and a bachelor’s degree OR a master’s degree with 3+ years’ experience in mathematical or statistical modeling

1+ year experience with Tableau or Power BI

1+ year experience with cloud computing, particularly Microsoft Azure

Experience with Apache Spark (SparkR or PySpark)

Experience with Databricks

Ability to clearly communicate ideas and results to non-technical business people

 Best Buy is a leading provider of technology products, services and solutions. The company offers expert service at an unbeatable price m...
