Read what people are saying about working here. 

Overview

A Day in the Life of a Data Scientist

The primary responsibility of a Data Scientist at DriveTime is to utilize analytical, statistical and programming skills on large and complex datasets to drive business insights and decisions. This includes identifying, designing and building often complex solutions to interesting and unique problems. This role is designed to work across all areas of the business, collaborating with each business unit by providing predictive models to help optimize decision making across the organization. A Data Scientist at DriveTime must collaborate very closely with all other analytical teams, senior leaders of various departments, IT and the BI department. A Data Scientist acts as an internal consultant, sometimes working with other teams to deliver immediate value or by periodically designing long term solutions to provide a fundamental change. A successful Data Scientist utilizes a tool set consisting of: logic, problem solving, mathematics, finance, statistics and programming. Projects may include, but are not limited to:

Quantifying customer risk by building proprietary credit scoring models

Assessing the impact of vehicle selection, financing options and underwriting on customer risk

Forecasting profitability by building probabilistic cash flow models

Optimizing loan servicing strategies by determining how and when to best contact customers for payments

Valuing unseen vehicles for placing bids in online auctions or for accepting customer trade-ins

Utilizing click stream data to build a website recommendation engine that calculates vehicle similarity

Designing various A/B experiments, analyzing results and making long-term decisions that will improve the product and experience we offer to our customers

Responsibilities

All job responsibilities listed below are essential to the satisfactory performance of this position.

Work within a dynamic, fast paced team to analyze all aspects of the business

Identify areas of opportunity for leveraging quantitative analyses and mathematical frameworks

Assess the efficacy of new data sources and data gathering processes

Design, code and implement quantitative models using statistics and machine learning

Build tools and reports that monitor model performance and accuracy

Work closely with IT to test and deploy predictive models

Work closely with business managers to build reports that support operational use of predictive models

Qualifications

The Data Scientist focuses on seeing financial, logical and mathematical projects through from design to implementation. Our ideal candidate has:

Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on financial data analysis

Bachelor’s degree in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, computer science, engineering, or a related quantitative field

Experience querying databases and using statistical software (i.e. R, SQL)

Knowledge of statistics and machine learning (i.e. regression, classification, sampling, decision trees)

Experience creating data visualizations and communicating analytical results to general audiences

Knowledge of advanced mathematics and statistics (i.e. calculus, probability, optimization)

Excellent verbal and written communication skills for effective collaboration across the organization

Curiosity and drive to master new technologies and tools

DESIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS:

Masters of Science in statistics, mathematics, econometrics, computer science, engineering, or a related quantitative field

3+ years of experience in Financial Services, Banking, Consumer Risk Management in technical or analytical roles

Proficiency in big data and distributed computing technologies (i.e. Hadoop, Spark)

Proficiency in other programming and scripting languages (i.e. Python, SAS)

Proficiency in version control software (i.e. Git, GitHub)

Experience building end-to-end predictive modeling products

Experience in lifetime P&L analysis of consumer credit

Experience working with credit bureau data and other sources of information

When it comes to hiring, we don't just look for the right person for the job, we seek out the right person for DriveTime. Along the way, we provide plenty of opportunity to be creative and grow professionally in a fun, high-energy environment.

Hiring is contingent upon successful completion of our background and drug screening process. DriveTime is a drug-free, tobacco-free workplace and an Equal Opportunity Employer.

 Based in Tempe, AZ, DriveTime is the nation's largest used car dealership network helping people with credit issues find and finance a gr...
