Read what people are saying about working here. 

Title: Data Scientist

Job Location : Columbia MD [SF1]

FLSA Status: Exempt

Date: March 2019

POSITION PURPOSE:

The right candidate will have a chance to help us define world-class data architecture, with open source software, and bleeding-edge data trends and technologies. Apply technical and advanced analytical expertise to explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering patterns and previously hidden insights, which in turn can provide a competitive advantage or address a pressing business problem. Leverage expertise in machine learning, data mining, statistical, and graph based algorithms in data analysis, solution development, analytic workflow processes, and complex data visualizations. Provide support at all levels of the organization to develop deliverables and implement change initiatives. Help senior-level decision makers to build their agenda, develop effective implementation strategies, and implement them to achieve sustainable results.

REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS:

Reports To: Project Manager

Primary Working Relationships: Internal and External Customers

RESPONSIBILITIES:

On any given day in the Lab you’ll be:

Using Hadoop and/or SAS and related tools to manage the analysis of billions of data records.

Writing software to clean and investigate large amounts of numerical and textual data sets.

Designing rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to customers or company leaders

Investigating the impact of new technologies on the future of health informatics of tomorrow

The Ideal Candidate will be…

Curious. You ask why, you explore

Wrangler. You know how to move data around, from a database or an API, through a transformation or two, a model and into human-readable form (ROC curve, Excel chart, map, d3 visualization, Tableau, etc.).

Do-er. You have a bias toward action, you are willing to try things, and you share both your successes and failures openly

Fearless. Big, undefined problems and petabytes don't frighten you. You can work at a tiny crack until you've broken open the whole nut.

POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:

Master's Degree in Mathematics or Computer Science.

3-5 years experience in the statistical tools and actuarial analysis.

Experience with relational databases, SQL and distributed systems such as Hadoop

Experience in applied statistics and exploratory analysis of large-scale datasets

Experience in one or more of the following tools and languages is a plus. R, Java, C++, Python, SAS or other statistical tools.

Exposure to Health care systems is a plus

Ability to communicate effectively both orally and written
