This position is contingent upon contract award. As the Data Scientist - you will join a team directly supporting the Deputy Commandant for Programs & Resources, Headquarters United States Marine Corps. You will be the data analytics subject matter expert working with the senior domain expert to perform focused exploration, rationalization, analysis, and data visualization of multiple data sets across multiple domains. You will advise the Vintun Program Manager in all technical aspects of large-scale data pre-staging, storage, processing, and data mining, as well as data visualization and analysis. 10 years' experience in the data analytics domain Master's degree or bachelor's degree (plus 8 years' experience) in data analytics or operations research related curriculum Ability to pass a personnel security background investigation Ability to effectively communicate verbally and in writing in English to executive level stakeholders Ability to work independently in a fast paced, high visibility program office while balancing multiple workstreams Experience in multiple database management systems to include hierarchical, graph, relational, and NoSQL Proficient across multiple structured commercial and open source database management system types/vendors such as ORACLE, IBM, My Structured Query Language (MySQL), PostgreSQL Proficient in applying modeling approaches to include: quantitative, qualitative, architectural, linear, non-linear, inductive reasoning, deterministic, stochastic, analogs, and statistical Proficient in data mining and data analysis techniques using commercial and open source tools Familiarity with exploratory data analytics techniques for data wrangling/munging, data mining, text analytics, machine learning, and graph Highly desired: Domain experience with DOD Planning, Programming, Budgeting and Execution (PPBE) process, Financial, Manpower, and/or Logistics (ammunition) data and data systems. Experience with Tableau, MS Power BI, MS Excel, R, and Anaconda Physical Requirements Work may involve sitting or standing for extended periods of time. Position may require typing and reading from a computer screen. Must have sufficient mobility, including but not limited to bending, reaching, and kneeling to complete daily duties in a timely and efficient manner. May include lifting weigh up to thirty (30) pounds as necessary. Vision abilities required in this job include close vision. Vintun LLC is a professional services firm that provides consulting and advisory services to clients to improve operational efficiency and to accomplish organizational objectives. Vintun is headquartered in Alexandria, VA with client support offices in San Diego and Hawaii. Vintun offers a highly competitive benefits package that reflects our objective of employing top industry performers. Please note: Vintun LLC reserves the right to change or modify job duties and assignments at any time. The above job description is not all encompassing. Positions functions and qualifications may vary depending on business needs Vintun LLC is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against applicants based on race, color, creed, religion, medical condition, legally protected genetic information, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition), sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, disability, or Vietnam era, or other eligible veteran status or legally protected characteristics.
