Read what people are saying about working here. 

Come join Accenture and Innovate in a company with AI and data analytics in its DNA. Leverage our unparalleled scale, scope, investment and global footprint to solve clients’ business needs. You’ll drive results accessing 750+ industrialized apps and solutions, 800+ analytics and 300+ AI patents/patents-pending, and the Applied Intelligence Platform (API) that combines cutting edge and advanced analytics and automated AI with an integrated suite of leading tools and technologies.

Accenture Applied Intelligence is the world’s largest team in applying data science, machine learning, and AI with deep industry experience to solve clients most sophisticated and difficult challenges. We are a team of experts in data science, data engineering, artificial intelligence and human ingenuity with industry knowledge that spans every industrialized area - energy, health care, transportation, retail, social media, and more. By deploying AI responsibly and combining it with our deep industry and analytics expertise, we enable the digital transformation of organizations, extend human capabilities, and make intelligent products and services a reality.

Role Description: Data Scientist

As a consultant working at the Accenture you will work on a team with diverse clients and industries delivering analytics solutions and help clients turn data into actionable insights that drive tangible outcomes, improve performance and help clients lead the market. This position requires in-depth understanding and use of statistical and data analysis tools.

Key Responsibilities:

Effectively utilize statistical, data mining, machine learning, and/or deep learning techniques in delivering data science insights

Work closely with internal Accenture teams and clients to understand challenges and create solutions

Provide thought leadership within projects and leading technologies

Stay abreast of technology trends in artificial intelligence

Basic Qualifications:

These are the minimum requirements for an aspirant to be considered for the position applying to:

Minimum of 2 years in Healthcare and/or Life Science industry

Minimum of 3 years of experience in advanced modeling environment strong understanding of statistical concepts and predictive modeling. e.g., AI neural networks, multi scalar dimensional models, logistic regression techniques, machine-based learning, etc.

Minimum of 3 years leveraging and synthesizing large volumes and variety of data enhancing the businesses understanding of individual population segments, propensities, outcomes, and decision points

Minimum of 3 years designing, implementing, and evaluating advanced statistical models and approaches for application in the businesses most complex issues

Minimum of 3 years building econometric and statistical models for various problems inclusive of projections, classification, clustering, pattern analysis, sampling, simulations

Minimum of 2 years working and conceptual knowledge in data structures, algorithms, statistics, machine learning, natural language processing and programming in Python, R, Scala, Julia, SAS, or other equivalent languages/tools

Minimum of 2 years in data mining and predictive modeling inclusive of linear and non-linear regression, logistic regression, and time series analysis models

Ability to travel up to 100%

Bachelor's Degree in any related field of study data science, mathematics, economics, statistics, engineering or information management

Preferred Qualifications:

Demonstrated ability for designing and implementing successful data analysis solutions within a business Payer industry experience

Strong knowledge of data mining techniques and an ability to apply these techniques in practical real-world business issues

SQL and scripting languages such as Python and Perl as well as familiarity with statistical analysis, data visualization, and data cleansing tools and techniques

Proven ability to work independently as well as with a team.

Good communication skills, both written and oral.

Proven ability to build, manage and foster a team-oriented environment

Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment

Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills

Excellent leadership and management skills

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

 Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, d...
