Read what people are saying about working here. 

As Spotify Premium swells to over 96M subscribers around the globe, we are looking for new ways to continue to grow our subscription business. You would be joining Spotify on the Premium Analytics team, a core business strategy and insights team, as an Associate Data Scientist. In this unique position, your work would be essential in shaping how Spotify is able to grow through data-driven recommendations, new product offerings and innovative marketing efforts. You will see first hand how your work translates into new strategies, products, and consumer experiences as we enter a new phase in Spotify Premium’s life.

You will work with a global team of world-class analysts, data scientists, business managers, marketers, and engineers. We are all passionate about what we do and move forward with high impact projects at a high pace. Learning and improving is part of our daily routine, and you will be free to develop your own skills and ways of working. At your fingertips you’ll have access to petabytes of data, and will get the opportunity to be creative with how you drive insights and strategies from that. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.

What You’ll Do

Develop data-driven strategies to drive the growth of Spotify subscribers

Create and communicate actionable recommendations that improve our product conversion and migration metrics.

Work with everything from advanced algorithmic data analysis and AB-test setup to business analysis and modeling

Work closely with business stakeholders to understand the change they are driving and help them discover new opportunities for growth.

Who Are You

You are an open-minded, creative person with an interest in analyses and data science

You have some professional experience working with data analysis (~1 year)

You are comfortable with the whole analytical process from identifying insight gaps to designing and running initiatives to fill them

You have worked hands-on synthesizing insights from data using tools such as Python, R, SQL, SAS, SPSS, Minitab and/or Hadoop

You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and partners, you are experienced in presenting insights and recommendations to partners or clients

 All your music is here. 

Spotify gives you millions of songs at your fingertips. The artists you love, the latest hits, and new discov...
