Read what people are saying about working here. 

Part-time

About The Opportunity

Here at Grubhub we’ve been dedicated to giving diners the most convenient way to order food from their favorite restaurants (whether that’s a late night Chalupa from Taco Bell or a salad for lunch from a local restaurant the day after they enjoyed said late night Chalupa).

While we are food-obsessed, we are also customer-obsessed. We look to constantly innovate our technology so our diners’ food experience is memorable, restaurant owners get more business and individuals across the country looking for part-time work can deliver the food from the restaurant to the diner flawlessly. We take great pride in knowing that we are a part of 17+ million diners food ordering experience and we are partnered with 105,000 restaurants in 2,000 US cities across our suite of apps (Grubhub, LevelUp, Seamless, Tapingo, Eat24).

Want to be a part of the biggest movement in the US that is moving eating forward? If so, we want to talk to you - and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery!

Some Challenges You’ll Tackle

Understand the business! Work directly with stakeholders to address their needs.

Build models, from selecting features to optimizing.

Be a stakeholder for our models! Help guide and prioritize development of predictive models to enhance our capabilities.

Question our assumptions! Find new and better ways to do what we’re doing.

Produce novel analysis giving insights into the business

Relentlessly analyze and improve the performance of our business.

You Should Have

2-5 years of experience applying descriptive statistics, machine learning, building predictive models and visualization to solve real-world problems

MSc or PhD in in statistics, mathematics, computer science or another quantitative field

Comfort communicating analytical findings to people of diverse backgrounds using statistical libraries and visualization tools in Python

Excellent programming skills in Python

Data querying capabilities using SQL

Ability to explain technical concepts in simple terms to business stakeholders

Got These? Even Better

Experience deploying regression, GLM, tree-based and Bayesian models with Python in a production environment

Experience with distributed data and computing tools like Spark, Hive and Presto

Experience using cloud infrastructure like AWS

A knack for analyzing and improving processes using data

And Of Course, Perks!

Flexible PTO. It’s true, no strings attached and all the time you need to recharge.

PTO. It’s true, we provide you a generous amount of time to recharge.

Better Benefits. Get quality insurance, flex-spending accounts, retirement options and commuter perks.

Free Food. Kitchens are stocked and free Grubhub each week.

Stock Up. All of our employees are owners, in fact, they’re granted Restricted Stock Units, which means we’re all in it to win it.

Casual Culture. Catch rays on the rooftop or get comfy on a couch and get to know your coworkers — because work, should be a place you want to be.

Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the U.S. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to talentacquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this e-mail address.

 Grubhub is the nation's leading online and mobile food ordering company dedicated to connecting hungry diners with local takeout restaura...
