$50,000 - $75,000 a year

Complete Intelligence Technologies, Inc. has developed an industry-leading machine learning platform for predictive analytics. This platform, called the Global Cognitive System (GCS), covers over 1,400 industry sectors along with dozens of economic indicators and hundreds of currencies, commodities and equity market indices spanning more than 100 countries for extensive global reach and complete market coverage. At the heart of the platform is a database of over 15.5 billion datapoints. Ensuring that this database is robust drives the accuracy and reliability of our predictive analytics.

Complete Intelligence is looking to hire a highly creative Data Scientist to address data analytics challenges in our organization, to collect large volumes of data from varying sources, clean and interpret data, create solutions to overcome challenges and work with management and staff to implement solutions.

To succeed in this position; a candidate should be curious, creative and tech savvy. Also, the candidate should stay up to date with data programming software and applications, have a solid understanding of statistics and mathematics and be proficient in writing algorithms. Top candidates will be persistent and have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.

Responsibilities and Duties: 

Key responsibilities of the Data Scientist include:

Identifying, collecting, processing and validating data for incorporation into the GCS;

Reviewing data sources on an ongoing basis to optimize sourcing and data content;

Formulating data quality techniques to ensure adequacy, accuracy and legitimacy of data;

Importing data into relevant analytic models for processing;

Automating data retrieval, validation and integration to the greatest extent possible;

Ensuring smooth flow of data both internally and externally;

Developing data standards for the company;

Researching solutions and new methodologies to overcome data analytics challenges;

Responding to customer needs by incorporating new data series and assets;

Working with incoming and outgoing client data in an analysis-specific context;

Developing specific APIs as required to meet client data transfer needs;

Communicating and meeting with sales, marketing and other internal teams;

Sharing complex ideas verbally and visually in an understandable manner with non-technical stakeholders; and,

Interfacing with the executive team, board of directors, advisors and staff.

Qualifications and Skills: 

A candidate for this position should possess the following qualifications and skills.

Proven experience with big data, or relevant expertise applicable to the position.

Excellent understanding of data administration and management functions (collection, analysis, validation, distribution etc.).

Familiarity with modern database and information system technologies, as well as data visualization tools (SQL in particular).

Thorough understanding of statistics with coursework or relevant experience in machine learning and programming.

Experience with data querying languages, application programming interfaces (APIs) and statistical or mathematical software.

Proficient in data-centric programming languages (i.e. Python).

Experience in cross-platform operating environments (Linux, Windows, etc.).

Analytical mindset with problem-solving skills.

Strong communication skills (both written and verbal).

Self-starter with the ability to work independently as well as in a team setting.

This description is not intended to be all inclusive, and the employee will also perform other reasonably related job duties as assigned.

Education: 

BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field required, with postgraduate degree a plus.

Experience: 

Experience in a related job scope or discipline working with large- and small-sized data sets.

Direct experience managing complex data-centric projects, supervising a team of programmers and/or analysts and interfacing with project stakeholders.

Compensation and Benefits: 

Salary commensurate with experience and qualifications.

Participation in company sponsored health insurance plan.

Advancement Potential: 

Complete Intelligence is a rapidly growing company with an established product and expanding customer base. For the right candidate who can quickly and efficiently enhance our existing processes there is the opportunity for advancement and equity incentives.

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $50,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year

Experience:

Machine Learning: 2 years (Preferred)

Analysis Skills: 2 years (Preferred)

Complete Data Manipuation with Large Data Sets: 2 years (Preferred)

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Additional Compensation:

Other forms
