Data Scientist - Torrance, CA Are you a dedicated Data Scientist and is seeking a career change? Please click on the job title below to view the Job Description and apply to it! Job Description: We are seeking someone with a software engineer background. You will be taking in Data Soil, Climate Data, Climate-Driven alerts, and technical know-how. You will also be writing the code for the product and helping build out their machine learning pipeline. Along with long starting tools and climate-driven alerts. Responsibilities: Technical position who can develop the lawn engine algorithm and other lawn tools, which use Numpy to translate the intuitions of scientists into robust algorithms that use GIS and other user data to make optimized plans and recommendations for users. Will help build the machine learning pipeline for the company. Takes in neural networks/geospatial imagery data/ other machine learning endpoints that can make recommendations to the customer. Required skills/ Experiences: Ideally, are Looking for someone with a software engineer background who turned into a data scientist. Ability to code production ready python code: This is a big one for them. The person must be comfortable writing code that is the product. Django, OpenCV/TensorFlow, Numpy GIS (Geographic Information System) Business Intelligence, Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Signal processing 2-3 Yr. Minimum in Machine Learning/Data Science Job Type: Full Time To be considered for this role, please send me a LI message or call me at 480-530-2032 or email me at a.carreno@jeffersonfrank.com. To be considered for these roles, you must hold either a Green Card or US Citizenship. Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS roles than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS market we have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have a complete understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS jobs are. Jefferson Frank is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
