Title Data Scientist- Intermediate Location Creve Coeur, MO Duration 1 Year (with possibilities of extension) Only on W2    Description  Design, implement and optimize algorithms for unsupervised and supervised learning based on structured and unstructured data. Develop powerful business insights from social, marketing, industrial data and public policy using advanced machine learning techniques. Work closely with the software engineering team to productize analytic software. Collaborate with system integration and data warehouse engineers on data extraction and data cleaning. Work in a highly interactive, team-oriented environment. Usually requires achievement of a Bachelorrsquos degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Economics or Statistics and 2-5 years of previous experience.   Seeds  Placement ndash Climate Science The Climate Corporation is revolutionizing the agriculture industry with a platform and products that are helping the worldrsquos farmers sustainably increase productivity with digital tools. We are leveraging Machine Learning and Big Data to build meaningful products that allow farmers to produce enough food to help feed a growing population. We are seeking an exceptionally talented individual with a passion for innovation to be part of cutting edge research efforts in our Automation  Tooling team within Climate Science. As part of our highly dynamic  progressive group, you will be designing  bringing to life new capabilities that will ultimately change the way a farmer will manage products selection, seeding rate, fertility  disease for the whole farm to increase farm productivity. We need someone who is a creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things done, and is productive working independently or collaboratively. Responsibilities include translating analytics questions into data solutions  analytic models that predict product performance to improve farm productivity. This involves gathering, manipulating and synthesizing data (e.g., attributes, performance, etc.), and other relevant information to drive predictive insight that drive decision support tools within Climate Field View PlatformTrademark. You will be working closely with our modeling  data team members to integrate  scale algorithms to create new value for our farmers.   Required Skills  Experience  BS in Biology, Agronomy, Computer Science, Data Science or 2 years work experience in ITAgricultureBiotechnology. Experience with Python, Scala, R,  operational familiarity of clientrsquos RD IT systems.  At least two years of experience working with data in a technical or scientific environment  Experience with exploratory Big Data discovery through the use of technologies such as Scala, Hadoop, MapReduce, or Spark  Able to write queries using SQL to extract and manipulate data to achieve desired results using select statements, sub-queries, functions, links of multiple tables, scripting  Experience with web services, API and database design  Strong organizational skills, interpersonal skills and problem solving skills  Self-starter able to work alone or as a part of a team  Fosters a sense of urgency, identifies, and overcomes obstacles  Clearly expresses oneself orally and in writing. Listens carefully, solicits other opinions   Desired Skills  Experience  Knowledge of breeding, agriculture, andor biotechnology.  Knowledge  experience with machine learning technology in R  Spar Strong Understanding of database systems and management of large data sets.  Experience in gathering and processing raw data at scale (including writing scripts, calling APIs, write SQL queries, etc.)  Experience with Linux and AWS or other cloud based platforms is a plus

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Creve Coeur, MO 63141 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_4524031dad4234d8de1b75ebeccd9029
