Read what people are saying about working here. 

Internship

Overview

Every day at Perspecta, we enable hundreds of thousands of people to take on our nation’s most important work. We’re a company founded on a diverse set of capabilities and skills, bound together by a single promise: we never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. Our team of engineers, analysts, developers, investigators, integrators and architects work tirelessly to create innovative solutions. We continually push ourselves—to respond, to adapt, to go further. To look ahead to the changing landscape and develop new and innovative ways to serve our customers.

Perspecta works with U.S. government customers in defense, intelligence, civilian, health care, and state and local markets. Our high-caliber employees are rewarded in many ways—not only through competitive salaries and benefits packages, but the opportunity to create a meaningful impact in jobs and on projects that matter.

Perspecta’s talented and robust workforce—14,000 strong—stands ready to welcome you to the team. Let’s make an impact together.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories

Responsibilities

The Perspecta intern program is designed to provide college students the opportunity to learn about the company and gain meaningful, hands-on work experience in a professional environment. Perspecta’s summer internship program places an emphasis on developing the next generation’s workforce. Our goal is to build a roadmap that leads you to a long, rewarding and challenging career with Perspecta. Co-Op / Interns typically represent college students trying to gain related work experience while pursuing an undergraduate degree. Under direct supervision, the intern will perform various hands-on tasks and assignments for the organization's professional staff in such disciplines as Engineering, Software Development, Database Management, Security Threat Analysis.

Our program supports the Perspecta Intelligence Group - Space Programs, providing various levels of technical and programmatic expertise to our government Intelligence Community customer. We are looking for BS students pursing a STEM degree for summer internship positions.

You will be conducting research in support of our program’s goals and initiatives. Topics can be in areas of: data and data generation, DevOps, Agile, and new applications of Systems Engineering principles. You will gather industry knowledge and help influence how our programs can use these techniques to support the government customer. You can help impact change that is necessary to keep up with constantly evolving technology and mission requirements.

Qualifications

Requires High School level plus advanced training. Must be actively pursuing a 4 year degree at an accredited university. Must be pursuing a degree in engineering, mathematics, business, information technology, computer science, or related fields.

Must be a US citizen. May be required to obtain a government security clearance. An ideal candidate will be a rising junior or senior.

Options

 At Perspecta, we question, we seek and we solve. Because we know what it takes to answer our nation’s most pressing challenges. It’s more...
