Read what people are saying about working here. Equifax is looking for a Sr Statistical Consultant/Data Scientist to join our world-class US Identity and Fraud Analytics team. In this exciting role, you will have the opportunity to work on a variety of challenging projects across multiple industries including Financial Services, Telecommunications, eCommerce, Healthcare, Insurance and Government.

Who is Equifax?

Equifax is a global information solutions company that uses trusted unique data, creative analytics, technology and industry expertise to power organizations and individuals around the world by transforming knowledge into insights that help make more informed business and personal decisions.

Regardless of location or role, the individual and collective work of our people makes a difference in our business. We are looking for individuals who can help us disrupt the marketplace. You will do this by delivering leading-edge technology to build and deliver unparalleled customized insights that enrich both the performance of businesses and the lives of consumers. In this position you will:

Collaborate with various internal and external partners such as Business Consultants, Statisticians/Data Scientists, Product Management, IT, Clients and Vendors on the formulation and application of new analytic solutions for a variety of industry problems

Lead requirements and design discussions with clients and other partners. Develop analytical approaches to meet business requirements; this involves translating requests into use cases, test cases, preparation of training data sets and iterative algorithm development

Function as key designer of analytic solutions, modeling expert, project manager and provide consultative support to clients and partners

Research new and advanced predictive modeling techniques as appropriate for a specific solution. Contribute to the team knowledge by keeping up with the state-of-the-art in machine learning applied to our domain

Manipulate large data sets, integrate diverse data sources, data types and data structures and deliver insights into new and existing solutions

As needed, mentor junior statisticians and provide oversight to their work as needed

Present results and recommendations to internal and external stakeholders

Provide timely progress updates, manage projects, define business objectives and oversee workflow and quality as it relates to definition, management and assessment of models and solutions.

Work with multi-functional teams to develop ideas and execute business plans

Develop solution prototypes and help integrate them with the product

Work closely with software development teams to communicate requirements and ensure quality of end-to-end deliverables of developed analytical solutions Experience that makes you a great fit :

5-8 years professional level quantitative analytical experience on hands-on analytics projects using time series, Bayesian methods, random forest, gradient boosting, neural networks, support vector machine, clustering, and similar methodologies

Proficiency skill in hands-on data mining and modeling tools with Python, R, SQL, and SAS

Master’s degree or higher in Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Statistics or other related discipline

Strong consultative acumen and ability to understand complex analytical solutions

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner

Ability to create new ideas for analytical solutions to address customer's business issues Preferred Skills and Experience:

Experience with Hadoop, Cassandra, H20, Graph database, elasticsearch, and Spark is a plus

Fraud prevention industry experience Experience working in UNIX environment preferred

Experience with deep learning techniques to inform recommendations and decisions is preferred

Strong SQL skills in Big Data environment (Hive, Impala etc.) is a plus

Experience working with very large datasets, knowledge of distributed computing tools (Spark, MapReduce, Hive, Apache Mahout etc.) is a plus

The Perks of being an Equifax Employee?

We offer an excellent compensation packages with high-reaching market salaries and 401k matching, along with the works: comprehensive healthcare packages, schedule flexibility, work from home opportunities, paid time off, and organizational growth potential.

This position sits in our Alpharetta location, which includes a state of the art gym, onsite dry cleaning services, onsite café, food trucks Monday through Thursday, and several excellent restaurants nearby in case you want to explore the area.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. To speak to us about this role in more detail apply online.

Primary Location: USA-Atlanta-One-Atlantic-Center

Function: Function - Data and Analytics

Schedule: Full time Equifax is a global data, analytics, and technology company. 

We believe knowledge drives progress. We blend unique data, analytics, a...
