Data Scientist - Python, Matlab, R, Hadoop The successful applicant will work closely with leadership, product management, design, clinical, and engineering stakeholders to develop models, simulations, reports, requirements, tests, and other design-transfer mechanisms from myriad data sources in order to inform business, regulatory, clinical, and product development activities. You have deep competency and experience with statistics, probability, and modeling. You use analysis tools like Matlab on a daily basis. You bring insights from data at key steps in the product development process: customer needs elucidation, requirements, product design, concept engineering trade studies, development engineering, verification, validation, clinical trials, launch, and post-market support. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Quickly bring clarity to business, clinical, product design, and engineering challenges. Work with stakeholders to plan approach and define success. Use tools such as Python/R/Matlab to turn data into knowledge which can be used to drive decisions. Capture insights in appropriate form. Share, publish, and present results as appropriate. The ideal candidate will have: 5+ years data science experience Expert knowledge of analytical techniques: distribution fitting, multivariate statistics, stochastic modeling, timeseries modeling, design of experiments, Monte Carlo methods, robust statistics, sampling, segmentation, clustering, hypothesis testing, regression, forecasting Analytical language and framework familiarity: experience with and ability to assimilate tools like Python, Matlab, R, Hadoop, SAS, JMP, Tableau, d3js T-shaped: strong in data science, but also strong capabilities to deliver actionable results in a collaborative startup environment: excellent pragmatic problem solving, data- Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Helpful Skills Data visualization skills: quickly and effectively “tell the data story”; draw from a large portfolio of visualization techniques to bring salient points forward to stakeholders for whom statistics may not be a core competency Domain expertise: knowledge of diabetes, knowledge of control engineering: feedback control, discrete and continuous time transfer functions, system identification, PID, model predictive control We can hire asap, so reply today.
