Data Analyst/ Business Analyst Job Functions: * Analyze stakeholder needs to help define technical solution and author or oversee formal requirement deliverables * Serve as a subject matter expert for applications/ programs, business processes or initiatives and provide needed project support. * Independently interact with stakeholders to understand problem/opportunity, elicit business requirements, and document and review requirements. * Identify and resolve stakeholder issues * Facilitate the flow of information between stakeholders to ensure a common understanding of needs and deliverables. * Build strong partner relationships with stakeholders, including management and advocate business needs on their behalf. * Establish objectives based on business requirements and resources, and provide recommendations to management. * Partner with the delivery team throughout the entire SDLC process. * Manage and provide new features or enhancements and collaborate with delivery team to prioritize changes to the system. * Develop a detailed understanding of the stakeholders and the impact of the request being addressed to provide better insight in solution recommendations * Support end-user feedback activities, such as, user acceptance testing and demonstration. * Analyze data sets to gain an understanding of the data, discover data anomalies, and look for ways to leverage data in support of FINRA's regulatory mission. * Use appropriate technology tools to analyze data sources and check for anomalies. * Define and document key business processes, technical requirements, data scenarios and data transformations. Essential Skills: Strong foundation in SQL including Analytical SQL Experience in understanding the usage of statistics in data analysis Experience working with large data sets Adequate written and verbal communication skills including formal requirement writing Experience working with Cloud technologies is a plus About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
