Veritude is hiring a Data Scientist for Fidelity Investments in Boston MA. At Fidelity’s Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (COE), you’ll be building critical solutions that will benefit our clients for years to come. We work closely with business stakeholders, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value.  Those of us who love to work with data see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry.  These positions are all located in Boston, MA. The Team The Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (COE) team contributes to the vitality and growth of the organization through researching and building complex, cutting edge and scalable AI algorithms, models, platforms and technologies to significantly improve customer experience and drive business results. Our team of high caliber scientists, mathematicians and statisticians use rigorous quantitative approaches to ensure that we are efficiently building algorithms and technology relevant to the business or customer experience issue at hand. The Expertise & Skills You Have We are seeking talent who is working on their Master’s or PhD in Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Engineering, Operations Research, Machine Learning and seeking full-time employment.  Knowledge in model evaluation, tuning and performance, operationalization and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies. You’ve been developing algorithms and predictive models as part of your job for more than 5 years Hands on experience developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc.), Experience in evaluating and making decisions around the use of new or existing tools for a project. Experience with large scale databases and big data technologies such as Hadoop, Cassandra, MongoDB, Kafka, Flink. Cloud technologies (ex: AWS, Azure, Google, SageMaker) Programming skills, .e.g., Python/scikit-learn/NLTK, Spark, Scala, R or MatLab, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, Theano, MXNet or similar machine and deep learning frameworks) Expertise with one or more of the following: Natural Language Processing (NLP), Deep Learning, Neural Networks, e.g., Reinforcement Learning, Sequence-to-Sequence, Adversarial Networks, Attention methods, Real Time Event Detection and Scoring, Time series analysis, Econometrics, etc Strong verbal/written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams. The Value You Deliver At Fidelity, we are focused You will partner with business stakeholders to identify/prioritize top AI opportunities, create business/technical requirements, transform large volumes of data into AI-driven solutions using creative, cutting edge open source methods/technologies, lead ML strategy and road map planning, work across teams and influence the direction of external teams. The ideal candidate will combine expert AI/ML/Open Source/Tech knowledge with hands on experience building algorithms/models/programming and outstanding business skills (revenue/cost drivers, customer experience, customer journey, communication, etc.) to manage and deliver complex/critical projects driving significant value to Fidelity.
