At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems in air and space that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our work preserves freedom and democracy, and advances human discovery and our understanding of the universe. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have a lot of fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work - and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history. 
 
 

 
This position provides the opportunity to discover emerging technologies and apply innovative approaches for data mining, predictive and prescriptive modeling, and user visualizations. The individual is expected to possess a variety of skills in programming languages and statistical analysis techniques coupled with curiosity and creativity to drive data-driven insight for optimizing enterprise operations.  

 

Be a part of a dynamic movement that is creating the foundation to build a world class analytics capability. The ideal candidate has a passion for data science and a creative aptitude for developing scalable and adaptable solutions in a collaborative multi-functional environment. 
    
Basic Qualifications:  
 

Bachelor's degree in Science,Technology, Engineering or Math (STEM)  

9 years of relevant experience in analytics to include data mining, algorithm development, and machine learning.  

Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, R, Java, or C++  

Active and in-scope Top Secret clearance  

Must have an SCI   


Preferred Qualifications:   
  

 

Masters degree  

Leadership experience including PMP, SCRUM or Agile certifications  

Proficiency in analytical modeling and statistical tools such as Matlab, SAS, or SPSS  

Ability to provide solutions to a variety of technical problems of increasing scope and complexity  

Work experience in MS SQL Server, SQL queries, scripting, and automation  

Experience in Extraction Transfer Load (ETL) and data migration  

Experience building tools for user groups &gt;1000 people   

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Redondo Beach, CA 90278 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
