LRS Consulting Services has been delivering the highest quality consultants to our clients since 1979. We've built a solid reputation for dealing with our clients and our consultants with honesty, integrity, and respect. We work hard every day to maintain that reputation, and we're very interested in candidates who can help us. If you're that candidate, this opportunity is made for you!   
  Looking for more than just another assignment? We're looking for you! This isn't just another assignment, but a real opportunity and a challenge for the right person. LRS Consulting Services needs an experienced Sr. Data Scientist for our client in Burr Ridge, IL.   
We are looking for a Data Scientist who will help retail businesses with insights gained from analyzing POS (Point of Sales) data on solutions which will be built by us. 
The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets. 

  Requirements:     	
5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools:  	
Good exposure to CPG industry in areas of Revenue Management (Promotion Optimization), Sales and Marketing areas.  	
Coding knowledge and experience with Python, R, SQL • Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.  	
Experience with distributed data/computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL) 	
Experience visualizing data for retailers using Visualization tools like Power BI, Tableau, Qlik, D3 etc. Technical Skills  	
Experience developing solutions for Predictive and Prescriptive Analytics including Optimization.  	
Experience with Optimization algorithms (Linear Optimization and Non-Linear Optimization)   
LRS is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for employment will receive consideration without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, gender identity, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship status or protected veteran status. 
  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Burr Ridge, IL 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago
