DATA SCIENTIST Chicago, IL Permanent SUMMARY                                                                                                                                         The Data Scientist is responsible for both solution development as well as data/use case exploration.  They will work closely with the business to understand business operations and the data supporting these operations.  The Data Scientist is responsible for identifying data sources (both internal and external) and will work closely with data engineers to create the data-flow needed to support analytic solutions. The Data Scientist is responsible for exploring and understanding advances in various advanced analytics (machine learning, statistical learning, deep learning, operations research, etc.) techniques.  They will help to innovate the information delivery processes for the Company from Descriptive Analytics through Prescriptive Analytics. The Data Scientist will follow an iterative development process to either “fail fast” or to provide value to the business as quickly as possible. The Data Scientist will be responsible for development and ongoing support of their solutions.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Expertise in writing clean and efficient R and/or Python code for data cleansing and modeling (experience in other programming languages as well preferred).  Deep understanding and practical experience with a wide range of Machine Learning and Statistical Modeling algorithms/techniques. Practical experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, Power BI, and D3.js. Ability and passion to learn any new tool/language/algorithm on the fly Great communication and presentation skills. Deep understanding of RDMS and SQL, and meaningful exposure to cloud solutions. Experience with Microsoft Azure cloud solutions preferred.  Passion for creating business value through data science. Experience with writing production code and model management concepts preferred. Professional Skills: Effective time management. Excellent written and oral communication. Project execution using various methodologies. Ability to mentor individuals QUALIFICATIONS Education:  BS/BA in a quantitative discipline, MS preferred. PHD’s more than welcome  EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
