Data Scientist - AI, Anomaly Detection 
  
 

Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Eric Emenhiser, will get back to you with more details!

      A bit about us...  
  
 
 Based near Union City/SF we are a fast-growing
startup which is coming fresh off a new round of VC funding. Servicing B2B companies, we aim to be a market moving company with an
impressive new SaaS business solution that the market hasn't seen before, but
badly needs.  
     
   If you are a Data Scientist (5+ years' professional experience) with experience driving analysis experiments based on massive real world data sets, than please read on! 
 

 
  What can we do for you?  
  
 Competitive Base Salary (up to 175K depending on experience level)! 
 
Flexible Work Culture, including 1 work-from-home day per week
 
Competitive Stock Options!
 
Accelerated Career Growth!
  
  Is your background a fit? We are
looking for…  
 

 
 Master's or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science, AI, Physics, Statistics, etc. and the following: 
  
 5+ years' professional experience in Data Science 
 
 Programming in Python, R (or similar) 
 
 Expert level experience in experimental design, applying various data models and analytical experiments 
 
Ability to overcome messy data sets, applying pattern recognition and predictive modeling
 
Strong debugging skills 
  
Desired but not required:
  
Professional experience at an AI software company 
Demonstrated experience in one of these focus areas: Deep learning, Bayesian neural networks, CNN, GAN's, RNN/LSTM, Probabilistic Graphical Models, etc.
 
Anomaly and cycle detection  

 
  Why join us?  
  
 
 We
have our sights set on incredible success in the B2B services market, and we
want you to succeed with us. As one of our first hires to the company, you will be an integral part of
our data science team and spearheading our machine vision, machine learning, and automation needs. For your important work, you will be granted a competitive base
salary for the SF Bay area market (up to 175K), as well as stock options in a fast-growing market. Leadership opportunities are almost  expected to
become available to you as the company scales. 
     
   Interested
in artificial intelligence? There’s also no better place to come build your domain knowledge than
right here in our offices! 
 

 
 Please note: Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. and no full-time remote work is available at this time. 
  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Daly City, CA 94014 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         9 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000000786693
