$75,000 - $115,000 a year

We are not your average employer with everyday problems and busy work – you will work on things that will change the way the world works and use your ingenuity to do it! We are seeking highly motivated individuals to create innovative software solutions for complex, real-world problems. We are experiencing explosive growth and looking for talented people at all levels of experience that share our passion!

As a Senior Data Scientist at Red Berry Innovations, Inc., you’re more than just an employee. You’re an integral part of our team, our culture, and the impact we make on the world. You’ll have endless opportunities to learn and grow in cybersecurity with the latest technology in vulnerability research, reverse engineering, artificial intelligence, and software development.

Who we want:

Hard workers who are driven to accomplish projects and goals in a startup environment.

Team players with integrity and devotion to helping each other succeed.

Self-learners who crave hands-on experiences with cutting-edge technology.

Problem solvers who approach challenges with creativity and imagination.

What you need:

Experience coding in Python using the SciPy stack.

Experience developing machine learning applications using current machine learning frameworks, such as Tensorflow or PyTorch.

Expert understanding of shallow learning algorithms and deep learning neural networks.

Must be a United States Citizen and be able to obtain a security clearance.

What would be nice for you to have:

Experience leading an engineering team.

Experience deploying machine learning algorithms on a cloud service, such as AWS, Google, or Azure.

What we offer:

Competitive pay and benefits package. Health, Dental, Vision, 401k, Life Insurance, Disability, Wellness, Paid Time Off, Training, and even bring your dog to work!

An engagement-focused and performance-oriented culture with career advancement.

Flexible work environment.

World-class leadership that support, position, empower, and engage you.

Ongoing learning and development opportunities.

Mission-driven work that protects the lives and livelihood of people around the world.

Red Berry Innovations, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer that celebrates, supports and promotes diversity and inclusion. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $75,000.00 to $115,000.00 /year

Work authorization:

United States (Required)
