Read what people are saying about working here. 
Collect the insights to stand for investors

At Vanguard, our mission is to help investors meet their financial goals, and that starts with providing the analytical insights they need. The smart use of data is important to helping our business develop new capabilities and solutions. As a Data Scientist at our Center for Analytics & Insights (CAI), you’ll combine analytical and innovative ways to pursue complex and strategically important problems. We have a rich array of data available to us and wealth of challenges to offer you. Make it count.

In this role, you will:

Lead challenging analytic projects that provide deep insights into client needs and behavior and, ultimately, offer the best chance for investment success

Identify ways of demonstrating data to address challenges and opportunities and, through sophisticated analysis, formulate insights that improve the way we do business

Develop subject matter expertise and use it to guide business partners and leaders in the interpretation and use of analytic solutions for business issues

Strengthen the business and help support clients by using data to describe and model the outcomes of investment and business decisions

Discover new approaches to complex business problems

Your real passion for data, along with your ability to communicate complex ideas through storytelling and visualization, will supply to the development of new ways of doing business. You’ll collaborate with a high performing, cross-disciplinary team including advanced data analysts, data engineers, consultants, and market researchers—all backed by Vanguard’s sophisticated modeling and data management tools. If you’re driven to lead projects that uncover innovative ways of investing, you could launch a dynamic career, helping to serve over twenty million clients, worldwide and transforming the way our industry operates. Invest your skills for the benefit of our clients and we’ll invest in your future.

What it takes

Graduate degree (ideally a PhD) in a quantitative/analytical field such as Data Science, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Physics or other relevant scientific field

A minimum of five years of relevant professional experience in dynamic analytical roles

Deep understanding and experience of building models using Deep Learning, Machine Learning and Optimization methods

Strong proficiency in Python, R, Spark (Scala, PySpark) and data visualization tools such as D3.js and Tableau

About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you get so much more in return. We invest with purpose—and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

 About Vanguard
Founded in 1975, Vanguard established a new brand of investment management firm – one owned by our investors, not private...
