Read what people are saying about working here. 

POSITION PURPOSE

A Lead Data Scientist solves difficult business problems with advanced statistical analytics and optimization. Lead Data Scientists are responsible for full life cycle of analytics and takes the solution from concept to final prototype. Utilizes resources from the data science team and are able to define subsets of tasks within the business problem to parallelize the problem and deliver a solution in the shortest amount of time. Lead Data Scientists are expected to not only contribute to projects as hands on expert level resource, but also lead smaller group of data scientists to a common goal.

This role will:

Work with merchants and other business experts to define an distill requirements for analytic solutions

Design analytic solutions leveraging advanced statistical modeling and optimization that are best suited to solve the business problems

Lead internal data scientists to deliver advanced analytics solutions.

Provide thought leadership and establish a technical strategy and roadmap for advanced analytics Develop and establish best practices and recommends automation where possible

Communicate timely and effectively both verbal and written to the peers, team, managers, and Home Depot

Stay current with advancements in optimization, statistical modeling, programming techniques and advocates them where appropriate

MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES

35%-Designs and develops solutions that leverage statistical analytics and optimization to derive business insights.

35%-Partner with internal cross-functional teams and lead data scientists to develop advanced solutions.

20%-Seeks further knowledge on key developments within data science, technical skill sets, and additional data sources within Home Depot.

10%-Define clear communication mechanisms to the head of data science to ensure projects are on time and on budget

NATURE AND SCOPE

Reports to the Head of Data Science at Black Locus.

This position has no direct reports.

ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS

Environment:

Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

Travel:

Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Must be eighteen years of age or older.

Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Education Required:

The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a PhD program in a field of study related to the job.

Years of Relevant Work Experience: 4 years

Physical Requirements:

Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Preferred Qualifications:

The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a PhD degree with 3+ yrs of experience or Masters with 5+ years of experience in the domain of data science.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

Work experience with SQL, Teradata, Google Big Query and/or other comparable database systems.

Expert knowledge of R, Python or other statistical computing programming languages.

 The Home Depot Canada is the Canadian arm of the world’s largest home improvement retailer. The company has 182 stores in 10 Canadian pro...
