Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Analyst will work with manager and business partners to support the development and implementation of advanced analytical solutions. We are looking for a go getter with the ability to conduct research and advance statistical analysis to identify trends, variations, patterns, and insights relating to branch performance and customer activities, and build end-to-end analytical solutions to drive profitable growth for the business

This is an exciting opportunity that is on the forefront of a critical enterprise capability, providing business value through data and analytics. The incumbent will get to work with and support multiple lines of business around the enterprise to help them achieve their objectives.

So if you have a statistical modeling experience, like to work in a start-up mode and have a long term orientation, join us to make meaningful difference in the lives of our customers, the community we serve in and the company.

WHAT WILL YOU DO?

Support Senior Management on analytical projects of varying sizes and complexities, including:

Participate in business partner interviews, brainstorming sessions, and workshops to capture business objectives and prioritize opportunities

Identify best analytical techniques that can be effectively applied to achieve business objectives and interpret next best action through data driven insights

Building end to end automated analytic solutions that are intuitive, simple to maintain, and drive real business outcomes

Responsible for the development, and implementation of analytical solutions, including but not limited to:

Data gathering and cleansing, statistical transformation, feature engineering & selection

Build statistical models like linear/non-linear models, clustering, optimization & forecasting techniques like ARIMA etc.

Leverage machine learning packages like Gradient Boosting, Random Forecasting, Pathing & Attribution, Link Analysis etc. to determine Product Propensity & prioritization as well as Channel Preference & Attribution

Conceptualize & build reports leveraging visualization tools like Tableau to effectively communicate data driven insights to users for a variety of audiences

Qualifications

WHAT DO YOU NEED TO SUCCEED?

Knowledge

Bachelor’s Degree with 2+ years of experience or Masters with 1+ years of experience in mathematics, statistics, behavioral economic, econometrics, engineering, computer science and/or physics, (Masters preferred) and/or 1+ years of analytical experience in financial services, Marketing, E-Commerce, Advertising, Fraud, Digital and/or consulting

Basic skills in SQL or SAS a must, including relevant packages and statistical methodologies.

Knowledge of Python, R, Spark or HiveQL will be big plus

Deeper understanding of statistical modeling techniques like Regression, Decision Trees, Segmentation & Classification, forecasting techniques like ARIMA, Exponential Smoothing etc.

Knowledge of machine learning techniques like Gradient Boosting, Random Forest, SVM, Pathing & Attribution etc. a strong plus

Skills

Demonstrates solid communication skills (both written and verbal) and relationship management skills at a senior management level

Shows strong knowledge of mathematical and statistical models in a highly technical context, with proven record of building solutions to complex problems

Demonstrates ability to build a good fact base, apply sound reasoning, and generate relevant recommendations that get implemented and lead to business success

Demonstrates strong attention to detail and a high level of due diligence

We’re here to help

At BMO Harris Bank we have a shared purpose; we put the customer at the center of everything we do – helping people is in our DNA. For 200 years we have thought about the future—the future of our customers, our communities and our people. We help our customers and our communities by working together, innovating and pushing boundaries to bring them our very best every day. Together we’re changing the way people think about a bank.

As a member of the BMO Harris Bank team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one – for yourself and our customers. We’ll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we’ll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset.

To find out more visit us at https://bmoharriscareers.com.

BMO Harris Bank is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace. By learning from each other’s differences, we gain strength through our people and our perspectives. BMO Harris Bank N.A. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. To request accommodation, please contact your recruiter.

Job
 
Business Analytics & Reporting

Primary Location
 
United States-Illinois-Chicago

Organisation
 
US Personal & Business Banking-X000004

Schedule
 
full-time

Job Posting
 
04/02/19

Unposting Date
 
04/04/19

 Serving customers for 200 years and counting, BMO is a highly diversified financial services provider – the 8th largest bank, by assets, ...
