Read what people are saying about working here. 

Munich Re is one of the world's leading reinsurance companies with more than 45,000 employees at over 50 locations around the globe. We are working on topics today that will concern the whole society tomorrow, whether that be climate change, major construction projects, gene technology or space travel. Munich Re is driving transformative change in the non-life insurance industry through the application of emerging data science and engineering techniques. We see the use of data as instrumental in making it easier for people and corporates to lower their risks through (re-)insurance.

Munich Engine is a strategic innovation initiative of Munich Re which operates in two locations, Munich and New York City. The goal is to rethink underwriting and create an advanced next generation risk assessment engine. Munich Engine combines traditional actuarial methods with new machine learning capabilities and applying it on traditional and non-traditional data.

Our Data Science team builds models and new functionality which are core to our product. In the role of the Data Scientist, you will collaborate closely with clients, actuaries, our software and data engineers, and with relevant analytics teams across the globe, in particular in Munich and Princeton, NJ. You will apply advanced Machine Learning methods to build software solutions to solve our client’s most urgent problems.

We expect from you a high ability to work independently, a high level of motivation as well as a proactive approach to achieving our ambitious goals of Munich Engine. We are looking for a candidate who is excited about the rare opportunity to help us build not only a product but a whole new business model.

Your Job:

Apply advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to build models for risk scoring and pricing solutions that enable Munich Engine to provide the most accurate assessment of risks

Work with stakeholders to obtain a thorough understanding of the business needs and identify the best modelling approaches

Improve existing models by including new data sources and testing new modelling approaches

Work closely with our data engineering team to deploy your machine learning models

Network with existing data science groups at Munich Re

Qualifications

First and foremost, you will demonstrate a constant drive to add value to your team through your energy, enthusiasm and initiative. In addition, we are looking for the following qualifications:

Minimum of a Master's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics or substantial coursework in relevant disciplines

Five plus years of experience working as a Data Scientist

Strong knowledge of machine learning models

Fluency in Python and SQL

Experience building data visualizations

Preferred, but not required

Experience with cloud computing and Spark

Insurance or financial services background

We shape the future by offering employees the competitive framework to realize their personal and professional potential; if you are driven to take your career to the next level, it’s time to join Munich Re.
