Read what people are saying about working here. 

Job #: R-00007820

Location: McLean, VA

Category: Data Scientist

Schedule (FT/PT): Full time

Travel Required: No

Shift: Day

Potential for Telework: No

Clearance Required: Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Referral Eligibility: Eligible

Group: Intelligence

Job Description:

Leidos has a need for an analyst or data scientist with experience in training for a project located in Mclean, VA.

In this role, candidate will work at a customer site to provide intelligence support for analytic methodologist customers across regional domains to include analysis and research for industry, infrastructure, technology, biographic, and targeted vulnerability. Provides support to analysis of social networks on an ad hoc basis as directed. The ideal candidate is able to make sense of large datasets in support of network and geospatial analysis.

20% of the candidate's time will also be dedicated to supporting and instructing an introduction and advanced social network analysis class.

Work on quantitative analysis projects

Support the development of new methodologies

Support the development of customer's analytics codebase

Train customer in use of social network analysis methodologies

Required Skills and Experience:

TS/SCI with Poly

Bachelor's Degree and 8 years' experience

Experience with Python, R, or other programming languages

Familiarity with relational data and quantitative analysis thereof

Strong basic computer skills (Microsoft office, specifically excel)

Strong presentation skills and ability to interact positively with students in a learning environment

Strong organizational skills

Experience with Github

Experience with network analysis tools such as Analyst's Notebook, Renoir, ORA, or UCINET

Experience with Social Network Analysis and/or Geospatial Analysis

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company’s 31,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.17 billion for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2017. (NYSE: LDOS) All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.

 Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toug...
