Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

At Pluralsight, you will be part of an established team of collaborative data scientists supporting decision makers across the company. You will work closely with multiple operational teams within the business to gain a broad understanding of the company’s data science needs. The challenges you will be presented with are complex and require a variety of data science methodologies to solve them. In this exciting role, you will see the direct impact your work has on improving business outcomes.

Who you’re committed to being:

Critical thinker who understands how data science can solve business problems

Interpreter who finds trends and patterns in disparate data

Independent creator of models, analyses, and visualizations

Communicator able to translate technical details into business insights

Partner to internal stakeholders who share high-value business objectives

What you’ll own:

Discovery of opportunities for applying data science

Cross-functional project collaboration on data science deliverables

Development and implementation of analyses and predictive models

Continuous testing and improvement of deployed solutions

Distillation of algorithms to business partners, eliminating “black box” distrust

Presentation of results to business partners and company leaders

Experience you’ll need:

Applying statistics and data science theories and techniques

Coding with scientific languages (Python, R)

Using SQL and relational databases as well as big data platforms (Spark, Hive)

Producing effective and interactive data visualizations (Tableau, Shiny, D3)

Working at Pluralsight

Founded in 2004 and trusted by Fortune 500 companies, Pluralsight is the technology skills platform organizations and individuals in 150+ countries count on to create progress for the world.

Our platform helps technologists master their craft and take control of their careers. We empower businesses everywhere to build adaptable teams, speed up release cycles and become scalable, reliable and secure. We come to work everyday knowing we’re helping our customers build the skills that power innovation.

And we don’t let fear, egos or drama distract us from our mission. Our mission to democratize technology skills is what drives us and our values are at the helm of how we work together. It’s our commitment to practicing them day in, day out that enables our performance. We’re adults, and we treat each other that way. We have the autonomy to do our jobs, transparency to eliminate office politics and trust each other to do the right thing. We thrive in an environment with creativity around every corner, challenges that keep us on our toes, and peers who inspire us to be the best we can be. We bring different viewpoints, backgrounds and experiences, and united by our mission, we are one.

Bring yourself. Pluralsight is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age or veteran status.

Qualifications

null

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

 Pluralsight proudly creates the creators of tomorrow: the people who develop the technology that lifts the human condition. We do this th...
