Read what people are saying about working here. 

The data scientist supports internal operations and the field organization by providing detailed analyses of in-store staffing and corresponding business results. The data scientist will utilize advanced analytical tools and techniques to evaluate labor productivity and recommend ways to better optimize our store labor investment. S/he will also build or enhance labor forecast models to enable a stronger understanding of future trends in sales, wage rates, and other variables that influence staffing levels in stores.

Job Duties & Responsibilities

Conduct advanced analysis of in-store labor, including staffing levels, business results, productivity, labor utilization/capacity, field compliance metrics, and other relevant topics. Seek out correlations between these variables to better understand the influence of labor on other aspects of the business.

Deploy algorithms or other predictive models to forecast future period sales, labor spend, hourly wages, store-fulfilled eCommerce, and other financial and non-financial metrics.

Provide reporting on critical labor metrics and indicators to both field and executive audiences. Validate and test new or enhanced labor metrics to maximize understanding of labor dynamics.

Contribute to the design and testing of new or enhanced staffing methodologies; evaluate the costs/benefits, present findings, and support the scaling of these initiatives to the balance of the chain.

Qualifications

Education Requirement

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or other quantitative field

Additional experience will be considered in lieu of an advanced degree.

Experience Requirement

3 - 5 Years

Retail experience a plus but not required

Financial forecasting/analysis a plus

Technological Requirements

Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite

Python and/or R

SQL

Experience with machine learning applications a plus

Experience with Alteryx or similar ETL tools a plus

Knowledge, Skills & Abilities

Excellent written & verbal communication skills

Business acumen

Customer-service oriented

Strong Interpersonal and client consultation skills

Self-motivated and results oriented

Strong presentation skills

Problem solving & troubleshooting capabilities

Ability to work effectively in a team environment

In depth analytical skills

Strong detail orientation

Superior organizational abilities

Process & Procedure Oriented

#LI-RW1

 YOU LIVE AND BREATHE SPORTS. SO DO WE.

In work and in life. On the field, the court or the ice. Nothing wins like a commitment to exce...
