Data Scientist - Long Beach, CA - $160k Salary base Is this is you? Please click on the job title below to view the Job Description and apply to it for! Job Description: This position is responsible for business consulting activities for the Data Strategy and Analytics teams within our client organizations to monitor and assist in improving their analytics ecosystem. We need someone with a creative problem-solving skill to work on our client's business opportunities. Our Data Scientist will work to understand high-value opportunities and identify/build potential solutions, which often involve discovering new insights by transforming data into intuitive & interactive visualizations or applications Responsibilities: Develop and test heuristics. Create and run statistic/ML models. Perform data exploration and data mining. Create business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data. Work Experiences: Expert knowledge of SAS, Python Machine Learning or R Working knowledge of statistics, programming, and predictive modeling. Working knowledge of code writing Big Data/Hadoop/NoSQL and experience with large datasets Skills: Data Analysis SQL Python QlikView Data Architecture Job Type: Full Time To be considered for this role, please send me a LI message or call me at 480-530-2032 or email me at a.carreno@jeffersonfrank.com. To be considered for these roles, you must hold either a Green Card or US Citizenship. Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS roles than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS market we have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have a complete understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS jobs are. Jefferson Frank is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
