Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Product Analytics team is looking for Data Scientists to work across our product portfolio to significantly elevate our consumer/dealer/OEM experiences and help set the vision for what we build at TrueCar. You’ll be applying your expertise in quantitative analysis. You will present meaningful insights by seeing beyond numbers, generate actionable product recommendations and help the leadership team make strategic business decisions.

The ideal candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have some experience in data-driven decision making. You will be a great fit if you have a strong bias towards action, enjoy finding patterns amidst chaos, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive business impact. We’re looking for someone who has the technical skills to surface insights quickly, and the interpersonal skills to communicate those insights in a way that persuades action.

ABOUT THE JOB

Use quantitative analysis and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand what drives our business

Provide insights to help product teams decide which features to build and why

Work closely with cross-functional teams of analysts, user researchers, marketers, product owners, designers, and engineers on fast-moving, high-stakes problems

Use data science methods to generate and test hypotheses. This includes:

Performing analytical deep-dives to identify problems, opportunities and actions required

Collecting, processing, and cleaning data from disparate sources using Python, R, SQL or other scripting and statistical tools

Supporting the design, execution, and analysis of A/B or multivariate testing programs; driving rigor and a testing culture through our product teams

Actively participate in our Analytics Guild to provide guidance and training to other analysts across the company

WHAT YOU NEED

Bachelors or above degree in Math, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, or other quantitative field

Proficiency in Python or R is required. This includes familiarity with statistical packages, such as Pandas, Scikit-learn, SciPy, matplotlib, nltk etc. Experience with Spark or Hadoop is a plus

Solid statistical modeling and Machine Learning knowledge

An ability to write complex SQL queries

Self-starter attitude and Get-it-done mindset. You’re someone who can initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance

You're a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms

Location(s):

CA Santa Monica 120 Broadway, Suite 200
 TrueCar is an information and technology platform that enables its users to communicate with TrueCar Certified Dealers for a hassle-free ...
