Read what people are saying about working here. Job Summary

Equifax is searching for a Lead Data Scientist to join our world-class US Information Services Data and Analytics team. This is an exciting role to use data and analytics to improve and grow Equifax’s data assets. You will work on a wide range of meaningful data and analytical projects using state of the art statistical techniques in advanced data platforms including Hadoop. Data is the foundation of Equifax’s business and you will craft the future of our data assets.

Who is Equifax?

Equifax is a global information solutions company that uses trusted unrivaled data, creative analytics, technology and industry expertise to power organizations and individuals around the world by transforming knowledge into insights that help make more informed business and personal decisions.

Regardless of location or role, the individual and collective work of our people makes a difference in our business. We are looking for individuals who can help us disrupt the marketplace. You will do this by delivering leading-edge technology to build and deliver unparalleled customized insights that enrich both the performance of businesses and the lives of consumers.

You will partner with internal business leaders, analytical teams, and external partners to identify and evaluate new data sources for Equifax. You'll be responsible for all aspects of the process to assess the value, quality, coverage and risk performance. You will design and develop data evaluation solutions that combine data, business and analytic rules, and technology to improve the benefit of new data sources.

​This role requires working with small and large data sources and the ability to perform detailed analysis with granular level data. You will also be expected to present results to senior business leaders and recommend whether or not to incorporate this data. Occasionally, you will also perform ad hoc analysis.

To be successful you'll strive to achieve the following:

Gather, manipulate, examine, review and analyze unfamiliar data

Expertly profile data and develop in depth analytics on the value of new data

Work with non-technical teams on the formulation and application of analytical insights related to the growth of our data assets

Clearly communicate insights from the data

Explore new techniques and technologies related to data evaluation

Analyze strategic opportunities on new data assets

Understand internal customer business needs and translate them into data-driven insights

Contribute to process improvement initiatives within the entire Data and Analytics Department Required Skills and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree or higher in a technical or quantitative field (Computer Science, MIS, Finance, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, etc.)

​Extensive experience manipulating and processing a variety of big data assets

Strong ability to develop data-driven solutions

4-7 years of data analysis experience in the credit risk, telecommunications, financial services, marketing, fraud, or insurance

Extensive usage of data query languages, e.g., SQL, hiveql, and others.

Clear communication of analytical solutions to non-statistical people

Strong project management and interpersonal skills

Ability to work independently with limited supervision and handle fast-paced and challenging job demands ​ Preferred Skills:

​Master’s degree or higher in a technical or quantitative field (Computer Science, MIS, Finance, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, etc.)

Experience with big data platforms such as Hadoop and the tooling for data manipulation

2+ years of experience with SAS, SPSS, R or a similar statistical tool

Some statistical analysis or modeling background

​Experience performing analysis using Data Mining/Visualization tools

​Strong knowledge of credit bureau data

Experience working in UNIX environment

1-3 years of experience with Tableau, Tibco Spotfire, SAS Visual Analytics or SAS Data Visualization

The Perks of being an Equifax Employee?

We offer an excellent compensation packages with ambitious market salaries and 401k matching, along with the works: comprehensive healthcare packages, schedule flexibility, work from home opportunities, paid time off, and organizational growth potential.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. To speak to us about this role in more detail apply online.

Primary Location: USA-Atlanta-One-Atlantic-Center

Function: Function - Data and Analytics

Schedule: Full time Equifax is a global data, analytics, and technology company. 

We believe knowledge drives progress. We blend unique data, analytics, a...
