Read what people are saying about working here. The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve our client's processes and support the advancement of their important missions. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, build predictive analytics, and compose data visualizations and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help federal customers make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in support of our federal customers .

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.

You Have:

Experience with data analytics

Experience with Python and advanced Microsoft Excel techniques, including VBA

Experience with using Tableau and other data visualization tools, including Qlik or Microsoft Power BI to help customers better comprehend their data

Ability to prepare complex data sets for analysis or visualization, including methods to consolidate multiple data sets while ensuring data integrity

Ability to present results from large or complex data sets in a coherent and clear format tailored for the audience

Ability to develop deliverables, recommendations, and analysis independently

Ability to obtain a security clearance

BA or BS degree

Nice If You Have:

Experience in engaging with the client directly to design and develop impactful, dynamic, and insightful business intelligence visualizations, dashboards, and analytic tools

Experience with data analytics related to safety and health compliance

Experience with environmental, occupational health, and regulations, including OSHA, EPA, and NFPA and hazardous waste regulations, pollutants and emissions, industrial hygiene, training, personal protective equipment, and fire regulations and codes

Experience with the implementation and usage of risk assessment and risk prediction processes

Experience with supporting federal clients

Ability to work on multiple projects, multi-task, manage time effectively, and demonstrate flexibility in responding to conflicting deadlines or priorities

Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills

Possession of excellent consulting skills

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. We harness our collective brainpower to solve our clients’ toughest problems using consulting, analytics, digital solutions, engineering,...
