Read what people are saying about working here. 

About Us!

At Maven Wave, we are relentless in hiring the industry’s top talent. Each employee is hand-picked not only for their skills, but for their personality and broad expertise. We are looking for this rare combination of talent that sets us apart in the industry.

Founded in 2008, Maven Wave has experienced rapid growth. We combine the experience and knowledge of a management consulting firm with the innovation and technology expertise of a cloud services firm, providing a truly unique work environment. Employees have the opportunity to gain invaluable experience and make a significant impact on the business outcomes of our clients and our company.

Over the past years, Maven Wave has received the following awards and accolades:

Google Cloud North America Services Partner of the Year, 2018

#21 Best Workplaces in Chicago, FORTUNE, 2018

Great Place To Work Certification, Great Place to Work, 2017 & 2018

Fast Fifty, Crain's Chicago Business, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018

101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, National Association for Business Resources (NABR), 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018

Top Google Cloud Partner, Clutch, 2017

Fastest Growing Consulting Firms in North America (#11, #37), Consulting Magazine, 2016, 2017

Top IT Services Companies, Clutch, 2015

Google Global Rising Star Partner of the Year 2015

Maven Wave, Google, and YOU: help drive and deliver business results with data-based insights.

We are looking for a Data Scientist who will utilize their analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyst, and interpret large data sets. The ideal candidate will have the ability to use this information to develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges.

Responsibilities:

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.

Assist in Data Collection for the purposes of Data Science operations like Machine Learning.

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.

Assess Model accuracy using common metrics (AUC, F1 ...) and explain results to a broader audience

Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Qualifications:

Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on explainability

Experience using data science computer languages (R, Python) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Experience working with and creating data architectures.

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.

A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.

We’re looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools:

Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: Python, C, Java, JavaScript, etc.

Experience with Cloud Computing especially with GCP, AWS

Working knowledge of using Jupyter notebooks

Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques

Experience querying databases and using SQL

Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.

Experience analyzing 1 or more machine learning platforms: H2O, DataRobot, Dataiku, Databricks

Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.

Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Tableau, qlikview, D3, bokeh

Check out our Apps and Data Team!
