Building Bridges, Moving Ahead
Work hard. Play hard. Breathe Easy. That’s a nutshell description of the professionals who thrive at Resurgent. Regardless of their position, our people are ambitious and entrepreneurial, attracted to the fresh point-of-view of an evolving, growing company. They are personable and patient, attracted to the collaborative nature of our company. And they are centered, understanding the balance needed to achieve success at work and harmony at home.

As a Data Engineer, you will be responsible for all aspects of the software development lifecycle, including design, coding, integration testing, deployment and documentation. You will create and maintain new data applications relying heavily on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Prior experience designing and developing production solutions is expected.
Design & Develop custom data warehouse solutions that enable leadership and general users to make informed data driven decisions and address the high demand for data availability in the enterprise.
Responsible for creating work estimates, technical project plans, and implementation plans
Research emerging development technologies, products, and processes
Work collaboratively within an agile project team
Follow best practices and coding standards
Grow your personal skillset as well as the skills of the team

Qualifications/Skills:
Experience designing data warehouse solutions with strong working SQL knowledge
Knowledge of databases, data structures, data management, and data manipulation
Experience creating data models, and data pipelines for acquisition, cleansing, and integration
Proficient with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience with C# and/or PowerShell
Familiar with distributed architecture a plus
Demonstrated experience in IT concepts and practices
Understands and has used software development lifecycles
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Good communication skills with a customer support orientation
Excellent problem-solving skills
Familiar with application lifecycle management tools and source control

Additional Desired Skills:
SSIS or equivalent ETL tool
Azure / AWS
R or Python

Educational Requirements:
College degree preferred; or a combination of education and experience
We would be honored if you applied to join our team! We are an equal opportunity employer,offering a fantastic work environment, challenging career opportunities and competitive compensation.
