Overview Public Consulting Group, Inc. (PCG) provides management consulting and technology services to help public sector education, health, human services, and other government clients achieve their performance goals and better serve populations in need. Founded in 1986 and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, PCG has more than 2,200 professionals in 55 offices around the U.S. and in Montreal, the UK and Poland. The firm draws on more than three decades of consulting to public sector clients in all 50 states and Canada to deliver best-practice solutions and measurable results to state and local public agencies, state-operated facilities, and private providers that do business with government agencies. PCG is committed to a diverse workforce which is a reflection of our clients and the people they serve. Our organizational culture attracts and rewards people who are results-oriented and interested in making an immediate impact on their community as well as their own career. Responsibilities Overall Responsibilities: The Education Data Scientist will provide local leadership in supporting PCG colleagues, public school districts and state agencies in managing and leveraging information to drive policies, program and instructional practice. The Education Data Scientist is the team steward of all New Jersey PCG system data collections, visualizations and reports; and provides consultative guidance and training to clients and peers in the effective use of education data to help guide state and district leaders in special education and general education settings. The successful candidate will leverage strong analytical skills, technical prowess and consulting acumen to make state and district level education data systems more useful to educators, administrators, and policymakers. Specific Responsibilities: Identifies and creates systems that lead to efficiencies and improvements in state and district level education data collection, integration, and reporting; Drives and informs internal and client-facing discussions related to PCG data systems (NJ SMART, EdPlan, etc.) and gathers requirements as they relate to reporting, visualizations and resultant data structures and collections; Serves as a client facing point of contact for PCG system enhancements and development in the areas of visualizations, reports, and data collection design; Responsible for the management of data dictionaries, data flow diagrams, etc. for all PCG products and related systems supported by the regional team; Develops, streamlines, and actively participates in user assurance testing procedures in areas of assigned focus and responsibility; Supports and participates in the design and delivery of client and staff member training and coaching related to reporting tools and focused on specific key performance indicators in education (e.g. graduation rates, student growth, post-secondary enrollment/remediation); Contributes to the firm’s knowledge of the competitive environment, market opportunities, and industry trends and plays and active role in creating new markets and opportunities in the immediate region; Support aspects of the business cycle, including proposals and implementations Serves as 1:1 mentor (and potentially supervises) junior staff members
