Job Title: Data Scientist Location: Oakland, CA or Portland, OR Duration: 12+ Months Contract (Very high Possibility of Extension)   Qualifications for Data Scientist •          Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. •          Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. •          Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. •          Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. •          Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. •          A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. •          We’re looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools: •          Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc. •          Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. •          Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL, etc. •          Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, etc. •          Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. | |•          Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. |•          Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. |•          Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. |•          Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. |•          Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. |•          A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. |•          We’re looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools: |•          Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc. |•          Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. |•          Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL, etc. |•          Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, etc. |•          Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
