Read what people are saying about working here. 

DISH is a Fortune 250 company with more than $13 billion in annual revenue that continues to redefine the communications industry. Our legacy is innovation and a willingness to challenge the status quo, including reinventing ourselves. We disrupted the pay-TV industry in the mid-90s with the launch of the DISH satellite TV service, taking on some of the largest U.S. corporations in the process, and grew to be the fourth-largest pay-TV provider. We are doing it again with the first live, internet-delivered TV service – Sling TV – that bucks traditional pay-TV norms and gives consumers a truly new way to access and watch television.

Now we have our sights set on upending the wireless industry and unseating the entrenched incumbent carriers.

We are driven by curiosity, pride, adventure, and a desire to win – it’s in our DNA. We’re looking for people with boundless energy, intelligence, and an overwhelming need to achieve to join our team as we embark on the next chapter of our story.

Opportunity is here. We are DISH.

A successful Data Scientist will have the following:

Bachelor’s Degree from a four-year college or university; advanced degree in a STEM field preferred.

3-5 years of working experience utilizing data modeling techniques including familiarity with big data projects, tools, and technique, segmentation and ad targeting.

Experience with SQL and scripting tools; willingness to be hands on where needed.

Excellent communication skills and have the proven ability to manage multiple projects and meeting deadlines.

Experience working with IT and / or DBAs in respect to projects involving large databases.

Strong work ethic; personable and must be able to prioritize tasks and deliverables in a fast-paced Sales environment.

DISH Media Sales, the advertising sales division of DISH Network, provides smart and effective media solutions that complement those of traditional national cable, and is headquartered in New York, with offices in Chicago, Denver and Los Angeles. We are an innovative, passionate and fun group working hard and finding reward in radically changing TV advertising.

The Data & Analytics team within Media Sales works closely with the corporate DISH Viewer Measurement team to combine powerful household level reporting data, analytics and expertise that helps our sales staff succeed in a rapidly evolving environment. Constructing automated processes through scripting languages, using data to identify and create models of an advertiser’s target audience, measuring the success of an advertiser’s campaign and providing visualization through self-service tools are just a few of the day to day tasks this team is responsible for.

We are now seeking a Data Scientist that will support the on-air addressable Media Sales team and Data Sales efforts through:

Developing critical analytics and propensity models using key DISH data sources including the viewer measurement data and DISH CRM data.

Working with the Account Executives and clients to develop client proposals based on conducted research.

Demonstrating thought leadership by writing papers, attending conferences and promoting yourself as subject matter expert on topics such subscriber and network viewership trends.

Developing key relationship with Analytics heads at advertising agencies, data partners, internal divisions and other key industry players.

Architect and develop new advertising products using state of the art machine learning algorithms either in a big data environment such as Hadoop or in a cloud-based environment such as AWS.

Write code in R, Python and SQL producing visualizations in Excel or Tableau.

#LI-NH1

 Dish

Real Opportunity. Everyday

DISH Network L.L.C (Nasdaq: DISH), is the nation's third largest pay-TV provider and the leader in ...
