We are looking for the best science, mathematics and engineering graduates and postgraduates to join us and help solve the complex, real-world challenges faced by industry-leading companies at the forefront of science and technology. You will have the opportunity to apply the knowledge you have gained during your studies and use a range of skills to create, develop and deliver solutions that truly make a difference in the world. The Role You will help our clients solve a variety of science and engineering problems. Projects can span a range of activities and your responsibilities will include: Combining domain knowledge and technical skills to understand and solve the complex challenges facing our clients. Using data science, analytics and a variety of analytical, statistical or machine learning techniques to interpret client data, helping them to make better-informed business decisions. Designing and developing custom software solutions or tools (e.g. visualization). Building strong relationships, communicating and collaborating with clients and colleagues. The successful applicant will mainly work with oil and gas clients in the Houston area. Our projects are exciting and rewarding and provide plenty of opportunities to learn and develop. You will be assigned to projects based on your existing skills and experience, but you will also learn new domains and technologies and apply innovative thinking and transferable skills to solve new challenges. Career Development and Training We offer excellent future prospects. While we do offer traditional career paths, most staff end up shaping their own based on their aspirations, the skills they have developed and the projects they have worked on. As your career progresses, you will be able to contribute to projects in a variety of roles, from Data Scientist and Software Developer to Business Analyst and Project Manager, or any combination of these. We take personal development seriously and all staff receive an annual training allowance of 150 hours, which can be used to learn new technical and soft skills, often leading to recognized professional qualifications. About Tessella Tessella is the Analytics World Class Center of the Altran Group, a global leader in innovation and high-tech engineering consulting. We are leaders in the field of data science and analytics and we have developed a reputation for helping clients solve their most complex technical challenges by unlocking the power of their data, enabling them to make better-informed business decisions. Our work is at the cutting-edge of high-tech R&D and our projects are varied and rewarding. For example, in pharmaceutical companies we solve computational problems for chemists at the early stages of drug discovery and development, allowing them to get a head start when they begin their experiments in the lab, ultimately getting drugs to market faster. We help consumer goods companies model and simulate new product ideas and perform data analysis to improve their processes. We also support oil and gas engineers with the computational challenges of exploration and production, from reservoir modelling to writing control systems. In space and defense, we have written algorithms and solved complex mathematical problems to control satellites and radar systems.
