Data Scientist   

Round Rock, TX  

Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Data Scientist on our Support and Deployment Services Technology Product Development  team in Round Rock, TX. 

The Support and and Deployment Services Product Development Team is in search of a Sr Data Scientist. The Data Scientist will define and execute a data science roadmap constructed to enhance capabilities for hardware predictive failure, software stabilization, and process optimization on client/enterprise Dell EMC products for consumer and commercial customers. They will lead development of machine learning solutions alongside an established team of data scientists, data engineers, lab engineers, and software engineers to completion of end-to-end solutions. The Data Scientist should embody the urgency to deliver solutions in production as well as the creativity to craft machine learning solutions in multiple domains. 


Key Responsibilities    
Leads data science projects on the roadmap alongside an established team of data scientists, data engineers, lab engineers, and software engineers 
Develops and applies advanced techniques and theories to deliver actionable business insights to prospects and customers based on large-scale data. Serve as subject-matter analytics expert in presentations to customers and larger audiences 
Leads end-to-end steps involved in model development in alignment with established core subject-matter expertise in key horizontal or vertical themes 
Leads the design/testing of new analytical technologies, or the development of new algorithms/functions for application in model-development 
Leads definition of analytics vision, multiple use-case evaluations and selection criteria, as well as project-level scope definition 
Collaborate with inside sales teams to educate prospects and customers on analytics offerings while leading pre-sales discussions by presenting on analytics service offering and technology stack while establishing customer rapport 
Leads partnerships with the academic and business community to develop new techniques Serves as spokesperson on specialized projects and act as prime consultant on large projects and mentor and educate new data scientists with best practices and latest techniques  


Essential Requirements    
Requires 12+ years of related experience in a professional role with a Bachelor’s degree; or 8+ years with a Master’s degree; or 5+ years with a PhD; or equivalent experience 
Demonstrated ability to deliver enterprise grade AI/Machine learning solutions for large scale environments 
Must have exceptional communication skills as you would have to clearly articulate advanced concepts to a wide range of audiences  
Passion to keep current on emerging technologies in the big data, data science, artificial intelligence and machine learning space 
Experience with Python, R, Scala, C, C++ ,GPU programming experience and experimental design 
Ability to prioritize and manage work load on critical projects   


Benefits   
We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. 


Apply now!  
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell  here . 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Round Rock, TX 78682 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
