Read what people are saying about working here. 

Internship

Experian DataLabs is a R&D unit at Experian formed with the desire to work in collaboration with Experian’s business units to enhance relationships with clients and acquire strategic datasets. Experian® is a global leader in providing information, analytical tools and marketing services to organizations and consumers to help manage the risk and reward of commercial and financial decisions. Using our comprehensive understanding of individuals, markets and economies, we help organizations find, develop and manage customer relationships to make their businesses more profitable.

Position Summary:

The person filling this position will be part of Experian North America R&D Data Lab concentrating on research and development of novel analytical solutions, new product prototyping, as well as new data asset evaluation and acquisition. This position requires extensive background and knowledge in machine learning and data mining. Previous experience in analyzing large datasets and developing data driven statistical models is desirable. Experience in text mining and online marketing is a plus.

The candidate will need to be able to work on multiple concurrent projects, anticipate obstacles, and make high quality deliveries on an aggressive schedule. The candidate must also be a team player that is self-motivated and has excellent communication skills.

Key job functions include:

Analyzing, processing, evaluating and documenting large data sets

Identify/develop appropriate machine learning/data mining/text mining techniques to uncover the value of the data

Designing data structure and data storage schemes for efficient data manipulation and information retrieval

Developing tools for data processing and information retrieval

Developing data driven models to quantify the value of a given data set

Applying, modifying and inventing algorithms to solve challenging business problems

Validating score performance

Conducting ROI and benefit analysis

Documenting and presenting model process and model performance

Requirements:

Advanced degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Statistics, Applied Math or other quantitative fields

0-3 years of working experience in analytics, data mining, and/or predictive modeling

Demonstrated ability to lead and execute projects from start to finish

Ability to independently support existing products

Proven track record in modifying and applying advanced algorithms to address practical problems

Experience with regression, Neural Network, SVM, and/or ensemble methods

Proven ability to work independently on development of complex models with extremely large and complex data structures

Proficient in more than one of Python, R, Java, C++, or C

Robust knowledge and experience with statistical methods

Plusses:

Extensive knowledge of MATLAB and SQL

Experience with Hadoop and NoSQL related technologies such as Map Reduce, Spark, Hive, Pig, HBase, mongoDB, Cassandra, etc.

Experience with online, mobile marketing analytics

Experience with GPU programming

Knowledge of NLP/Text mining techniques and related open source tools

Solid knowledge of Bayesian statistical inference and related machine learning methods

Experience with Agile methods for software development

Experian is listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. Total revenue for the year ended March 31, 2017 was $4.3 billion. Experian employs approximately 17,000 people in over 40 countries.

Experian is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Anyone needing accommodation to complete the interview process should notify the talent acquisition partner. The word "Experian" is a registered trademark in the EU and other countries and is owned by Experian Ltd. and/or its associated companies.

EEO Including Disability/Veterans
