Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 1 day. Read what people are saying about working here. 

Division: Siemens Healthineers

Business Unit: Point of Care

Requisition Number: 240558

Primary Location: United States-Massachusetts-Norwood

Assignment Category: Full-time regular

Experience Level: Senior level

Education Required Level: Master's Degree

Travel Required: 5%

Job Description:

DESCRIPTION

We are searching for a professional to play a key role in the planning, design and execution of machine learning and artificial intelligence to advance predictive analyses for a point-of-care medical device. The Data Analytics Lead will enable researchers and engineers to integrate sophisticated mathematical models into the development of tailored reports, apps and dashboards for blood analyte (e.g. oxygen, lactate, glucose) signal visualization, analysis and interpretation. The Data Analytics Lead will be relied on to provide knowledge and expertise in achieving research targets, delivering on specific milestones, interpreting results, and reporting them to key stakeholders.

Leveraging on education and professional background in data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, the Data Analytics Lead will conceptualize new methods and approaches that help interpret continuous streams of biosensor data with the goal of providing valuable diagnostic information.

The Data Analytics Lead will have a strong interface biosensor and engineering team members, as well as Clinical, Quality and Regulatory as needed to support preclinical and clinical data analysis. This lead role will have responsibilities to ensure the type and quality of data provided and lead work directly with internal and external experts in machine learning and algorithm development.

The Data Analytics Lead will be expected to conduct analyses with our database and lead the strategy and development of analysis plans for upcoming studies and trials with the goal of evaluating multiple parameters to develop unique and/or composite signature metrics/algorithms with predictive diagnostic outcomes.

The Data Analytics Lead will work collaboratively with other team members to achieve these goals.

MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop algorithms that extract meaningful parameters from time-series analytical data

Develop classification algorithms that predict diagnostic status, either independently or in combination with instrument data streams

Develop algorithm for deconvoluting multiple signals

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:

Ph.D. (or MD/PhD) in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, or Biomedical Engineering or related fields.

Individual should have had formal training or extensive experience in electrochemistry or biosensors

EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:

More than 5 years research experience working with biosensor signal processing

Experience with statistical classification approaches, machine learning, predictive algorithm creation and other data analytics tools is required

Experience with artificial intelligence is required

Proficiency in computing languages (Python, R, Matlab, etc.) is required

Proficiency in programming languages (C, C++, Java, Javascript) is preferred

Familiarity with relational databases (ie. SQL) is important and Tableau is a plus

Experience with time series analysis (ie. feature extraction, as well as Fourier, wavelet and complexity analyses approaches)

Experience working with data obtained during pre-clinical studies and/or clinical trials

Ability to define strategy and manage complex projects, motivate and lead others, and work collaboratively with multidisciplinary teams

Strong written and verbal communication, organizational and relationship-building skills are required

Experience working with data from early stage biosensor prototypes, including protocol design, working with human subjects, documenting experiments, and refining procedures

Experience with Statistical Methodologies necessary to evaluate candidate algorithm solutions including ANOVA, Design of Experiments, Hypothesis Testing

#LI-EM1

 Siemens is a global powerhouse focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalization. One of the world’s largest produc...
