Who We Are:

2-time winner of Crain's 100 Best Places to Work, Direct Agents is a data-driven digital marketing agency with offices in NY and LA.

Established in 2003, we are an independent company, and our business has been built on adapting and driving change since the very beginning. Fueled by the grit and hustle of our diverse team, we’re inspired by experimentation and seek to push the boundaries on innovative approaches to advertising. Our teams are committed to growing and innovating alongside clients like Colgate, Walker & Co., Belkin, The CW, Wacoal, and more.

Together, we think differently and we continue to shape the digital space into the future…

We are the Shapers of the Digital World. Join us and become a shaper of change!

As a Data Engineer, you will create tangible value by helping to develop innovative data and tech systems for current and future clients. The work you do directly contributes to our ability to improve holistic business and marketing strategies aimed to meet and exceed client expectations.

You will have the opportunity to work on leading-edge AI/ML, data automation, and predictive analytics projects including: bidding algorithms, image recognition, attribution modeling, performance forecasting, propensity scoring, and much more. The position requires fostering close working relationships with internal marketing teams as well as clients.

What You’ll Do:
Create automated data systems using APIs, Selenium, web scrapers, etc.
Set up and maintain database ecosystems
Build advanced data models to provide granular and predictive insights
Develop AI systems to perform advanced operations based upon data inputs
Visualize data in an easily digestible format
Supplying internal teams with datasets to be used for strategic optimizations
Maintain data integrity and work with teams to troubleshoot discrepancies
Stay abreast of latest industry topics, trends, news, methodologies, and tools
What You’ll Need:
Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Mathematics/Computer Science/Engineering/Finance or related field
Advanced Python skillset
Strong Statistical and/or Machine Learning background
Strong knowledge of database structures and SQL
Excellent quantitative skills and attention to detail
Experience using Power BI data visualization software is a plus
Highly motivated to identify and develop solutions to complex problems
Strong time management skills – ability to prioritize and meet deadlines
Diligent work ethic. Must be self-motivated and able to take the initiative to get the job done
Digital Marketing experience is preferred but definitely not required
What You’ll Get:
Competitive pay & health benefits.
Weekly social, wellness, and team building events
Access to health benefits and many other perks like One Medical
An amazing values based company culture ripe with collaboration, encouragement and camaraderie
Monthly education and training in digital advertising
Access to the best in class marketing technology and methodology
Ability to innovate and make an impact with your ideas in real-time
A fast tracked path to growth based on what you put into the role and your passion for learning in the company
Check out our Culture Videos:

Welcome to Direct Agents: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC-LBxTw0To

DA 2019 Culture in Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP12YTMF4Dg
