Read what people are saying about working here. 

ABOUT DSC:

We’re on a mission to build a better bathroom. We started with razors way back in 2011, and now millions and millions of Members later, we’ve expanded into shave products, skin care, hair styling, with more to come. We’re always growing and reinventing, and we rely on killer talent to help us achieve our goal of owning the bathroom. If you’re a team-playing innovator, you’ll fit right in. A sense of humor helps, too.

ROLE SUMMARY:

We’re seeking a Machine Learning Scientist who specializes in solving challenging business problems by prototyping and designing machine learning solutions, tuning and performing model selection, and productionizing said solutions. The scientist will apply principles of data science, statistics, and machine learning to communicate with business stakeholders, perform data wrangling and exploration, rapidly prototype and test potential solutions, provide feedback and estimate ROI, productionize code, and refactor existing solutions. The Machine Learning Scientist will work in the Data Science Team, which is a Center of Excellence for Data Science, Data Transport and Cluster Computing at DSC. The role requires close collaboration with teammates and squad members in feature design, sprint planning, task execution, code review and feature deployment.

Responsibilities

Implement and rapidly prototype existing machine learning algorithms.

Refactor existing machine learning algorithms.

Design, implement, and productionize statistical algorithms, machine learning solutions, and predictive analytics

Translate business concerns and problems into tractable, data-driven problem statements testable via experimental design and hypothesis testing

Perform data exploration, analysis, and visual storytelling on distributed big data sets.

Assess feasibility of machine learning solutions and predict ROI

Perform data wrangling, feature engineering, and feature selection using statistics, analytics, and algorithms.

Design systems that generate self-learning, continuous training models for a variety of signals and tasks

Support and advise on data analytics across the company.

Teach and explain data science to team members and non-technical users

Assist in establishing data science workflow

Qualifications

MS or PhD in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related computational science field; or equivalent work experience

3+ years experience with Python, R, or similar programming languages

3+ years experience with big data exploration, machine learning algorithm selection and implementation

2+ years industry experience building, customizing, and deploying Machine Learning Models into enterprise production systems.

2+ years industry experience with data prep, cleaning, munging, feature engineering, and EDA.

2+ years industry experience with advanced data visualization techniques.

Fluency in SQL or equivalent query language

Expertise in statistics, experimental methodology, and data analysis

In-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms and the mathematical and statistical foundations of machine learning

Enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced engineering team

DSC CULTURE:

We work in an open-air, freshly renovated office in the heart of Silicon Beach. As we disrupt industries, our plan is to think big but stay small. No egos. No jerks. No prima donnas. Just awesome folks who live and breathe collaboration and dig the perks like haircuts, lunches and team happy hours. And yes, we have snacks.

 We’re on a mission to build a better bathroom. We started with razors way back in 2011, and now millions and millions of Members later, w...
