Description Change Lives, Starting with Yours  At Scripps Health, you will experience the pride, support, respect that has been repeatedly recognized as one of the nation’s Top 100 Places to work.   You’ll be surrounded by people committed to making a difference in the lives of their patients and their teammates.  So if you’re open to change, go ahead and unlock your potential. Truven Health Analytics named Scripps Health among the top five large health systems in the nation. Scripps was the only California health care system on the Truven Top 15 Health Systems list this year. This is the fifth time Scripps has received the honor. As Data Scientist, you will support the ACO and the related valued-based care activities.  You will perform advanced integrated comprehensive reporting, consultative, and analytical expertise to provide data and information to internal and external stakeholders. Provide strategies to drive continuous improvement and strategic change for stakeholders. Play an integral role in assisting with developing methodologies, performing analysis, summarizing results and developing conclusions for project teams, leaders, and internal and external stakeholders.  This is a Full Time Salaried position located in La Jolla. Qualifications Required Education/Experience/Specialized Skills: Bachelor's degree. Excellent communication skills in order to directly communicate at a consumer level with internal clients. Preferred Education/Experience/Specialized Skills/Certification: Master's degree. Epic working experience highly preferred. Healthcare experience. Scripps Health is repeatedly named on the Fortune Magazine’s 100 Best Companies to work for, only San Diego-based Company and Becker’s Healthcare Top Hospitals. Scripps Health offers a robust Total Rewards Program designed to compensate and motivate you throughout your career. Scripps Health Total Rewards Program includes a broad range of plans and programs including market competitive pay and performance incentives, health and wellness benefits, financial wellness benefits, work-life resources, learning and development opportunities, and rewards and recognition. Unlock your potential with Scripps Health today. Scripps Health is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, or gender identity/expression), age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability. Job: Project Management Primary Location: Central San Diego County-SAN DIEGO-SCRIPPS SYSTEM WIDE INITIATIVES Work Locations: SCRIPPS SYSTEM WIDE INITIATIVES (100_192) 4275 CAMPUS POINT COURT SAN DIEGO, 92121 Organization: Scripps Health Corp Job Posting: Mar 15, 2019, 4:21:46 PM Benefit Status: FT - FULL-TIME WITH BENEFITS
