If you are interested in this position, please send resumes to Kevin Reed at [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] Data Scientist- Customer Focus Direct Hire Position Remote Capability or San Antonio, TX JOB SUMMARY The Staff Data Scientist I contributes by designing, conducting, and incorporating analyses of data from a wide variety of sources. This involves moving ambiguous requirements to concrete, exploring the data, building or applying appropriate algorithms, documenting the findings, and incorporating the analysis into the system. Effective communication with other job disciplines is required. In addition, the Staff Data Scientist I acts as the primary analyst for customer insights and is responsible for creating, managing and communicating customer insights gained by synthesizing data from multiple sources.  This position is primarily responsible for providing actionable customer insight based on VOC data and sentiment analysis, maintenance and growth of the Industry Database, behavioral analysis, and integration of applicable third-party data.  The Scientist/Analyst will apply advanced analytic techniques to analyze and interpret information from multiple data sources (database information, financial, voice of the customer, third party data, demographic/firmographic data, purchase behavior, etc.).  The Customer Insights Analyst is the customer advocate, using data-driven insight to inform and influence customer experience across all solutions and channels. KEY DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES Leverage data from multiple sources (quantitative and qualitative) to drive insights into customer profiles/personals, choices and behaviors. 10% Partner with the Market Research Analyst to define and research projects to understand customer preferences and predict customer behavior. 15% Develop reporting that provides clear, succinct and actionable information. 5% Manage the delivery of critical business insights to the company as a result of analysis. 10% Manage, maintain and grow the Industry Database and advocate integration of industry insights in existing and new customer engagement solutions. 20% Define and develop company standards for voice of the customer analysis through centralized collection of company VOC data, application of sentiment analysis and natural language processing algorithms. Implement standard dashboards and delivery mechanisms enabling data-driven responses to customer needs. 15% Establish a systematic approach for monitoring relevant customer trends, tapping both external and internal sources and advocate to management relevant solutions to mitigate issues or approaches to capture opportunities. 10% Builds relationships and collaborates with other functional areas to identify customer insight engagement opportunities. 5% Contribute significant analyses design and implementation 5% Maintain technical excellence in subject matter of data science algorithms or underlying technologies 5% EDUCATION Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Marketing, quantitative business methods or related field (Required) Master's Degree in Data Science or Advanced Analytics (Preferred) EXPERIENCE 3-5 years experience in data science, data analysis and/or advanced analytics. Knowledge and experience in building statistical models and data mining techniques. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distribution, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. Experience with reporting and analysis design, measurement strategy, and development of business metrics. Typically 5+ years of experience in a data science role with demonstrated ability to solve higher level analyses 3-5 years Demonstrated ability to design, conduct and incorporate analyses KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Proven skills in articulating and communicating data-driven insights and strategies both verbally and in writing to colleagues and senior leadership. Familiarity with external sources of industry, market, and consumer information. Excellent written, oral communication, project management and presentation skills.  Ability to present complex data reports, financial analyses, and statistics in a simple and clear manner. Passionate about analyzing data, drawing appropriate conclusions, and able to effectively translate findings to business strategies that positively impact the business and customer. Demonstrated ability to design, conduct and incorporate analyses EQUIPMENT/SOFTWARE UTILIZED Experience across multiple database platforms required (Hadoop, SQL, etc) Advanced analytics skills with Python, R, SAS, or SPSS required. Advanced MS Excel, Access and PowerPoint required. Tableau or similar data visualization tool preferred. Knowledge and understanding of web analytics tools and techniques preferred (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics) COMMUNICATION AND CONTACTS * Ability to summarize data analysis to Marketing, Product Management, eCommerce, Finance, IT, and Sales management. • Ability to communicate in a succinct and precise manner for management contacts. • Ability to communicate in technical detail to development and vendor resources. DECISION MAKING * Manage multiple analytics projects concurrently. • Use judgment to identify, prioritize, structure and solve complex business problems. OTHER Collaboration with team leads in various areas - Sales, Marketing, Product Development, eCommerce, Service Delivery, etc. Receives minimal direction over designing and incorporating analyses EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
