Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you. As a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide. We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be. As we continue to build our workforce we look for people that exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach to innovation. 

Northrop Grumman Technology Services sector is seeking a Principal or Sr. Principal Data Scientist to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be located in McLean, VA. The qualified applicant will become part of Northrop Grumman's Department of State (DOS) Consular Systems Modernization (CSM) Program, for the Bureau of Consular Affairs (CA). This initiative is intended to modernize and consolidate the operational environment under a common technology framework in order to better support the services provided to CA's customers. As part of the modernization program, the data scientist will support predictive analytics model development and help inform architectural decisions for data science tools supporting an overall enterprise predictive analytics platform. This requisition may be filled at a higher grade based on qualifications listed below. 

Roles and Responsibilities: 
 Support the evaluation of existing data and analytics capabilities 
 Support the design and development of predictive analytics models through the implementation, validation and acceptance of the developed models 
 Support the design of predictive analytics models using data analytics and machine learning techniques 
 Help inform the development of architecture and implementation of a large scale data analytics project 
 Design data science solutions; present approach and results; and interface with customers 

TSCSM 
 

Basic Qualifications:  
This position may be filled at either a Principal or Sr. Principal level. BQs for the Principal are Bachelor's degree in STEM or related and at least 5 years' experience. BQs for the Sr. Principal are Bachelor's degree in STEM or related and at least 10 years' experience. 

To be considered for this position, you must minimally meet the knowledge, skills, and abilities listed below: 
 Experience developing data analytics and machine learning algorithms, and performing statistical analysis 
 Experience using leading data science and machine learning platforms in the industry 
 Demonstrated ability programming in Python, R, and/or Scala 
 Must have a current, active Secret (or higher) clearance. Interim clearances may be acceptable. 


Preferred Qualifications:  
Candidates with these desired skills will be given preferential consideration: 
 Bachelor's, Master's or PhD degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, Physics or a related field (Computer Sciences) 
 Agile development experience on data analytics projects 
 Experience in cloud based environments 
 Experience creating data analytics visualizations and dashboards using tools such as Tableau or R Shiny 
 Experience working within notebook environments such as Jupyter or Zeppelin

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             McLean, VA 22101 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
