Read what people are saying about working here. 

We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join the band and help drive a data-first culture, focused on user fraud prevention, detection and research. Our mission is to turn billions of data points into insights and signals that can identify fraudulent behavior, and protect Spotify against policy violations and loss of trust by listeners, artists and other users on the platform.

You will study user behavior, support new product and feature decisions, understand our strategic initiatives and bring data and insights into high impact business collaborations. Above all, you will play a pivotal role in building out our fraud platform and suite of products, helping to determine where we should focus and what type of detection and prevention ML capabilities should be developed. This role will be based in New York City but will provide an opportunity for close collaboration with Stockholm colleagues.

What you’ll do:

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to understand fraud, how it relates to Spotify strategy and products, and how to prevent it.

Build advanced predictive models to understand the impact of specific fraudulent behaviors, trends and patterns

Work closely with cross-functional teams of data and backend engineers, analysts, user researchers, product managers and designers who are passionate about Spotify’s success

Build and analyze dashboards, reports and key datasets to empower operational and exploratory analysis of fraud.

Understand how user fraud affects other consumers of our data, including insights and feature teams, and work across the data landscape to minimise impact and drive influence wherever possible.

Communicate data-informed insights and recommendations to key stakeholders, engineering and product partners

Who you are:

You have at least 3-5 years of experience in a similar data scientist role and a degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline.

Previous experience working in fraud detection and prevention, with an understanding of the impact that has on other areas in the company where business and product decisions are made.

You have a deep understanding of numbers, a strong interest in statistics and research, and an experienced and mature business sense.

Ideally you have experience working at a large scale, global consumer product company, in a product analytics or insights role.

You have the technical competence to perform more advanced analytics:

Coding skills for analytics and data manipulation (SQL, R, Python, Pandas, Scala)

Data visualization (such as Tableau, Qlik, D3, ggplot)

Experience performing analysis with large datasets in a cloud based-environment, preferably with an understanding of Google’s Cloud Platform

Experience training and tuning statistical and machine learning models with libraries/frameworks such as sci-kit learn, tensorflow, pytorch or similar

Familiarity with experimentation and A/B testing

You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems and thrive when working on a team which has autonomy in their day to day decisions.

You are a communicative person that values building strong relationships with colleagues and multiple stakeholders, and have the ability to explain complex topics in simple terms.

 All your music is here. 

Spotify gives you millions of songs at your fingertips. The artists you love, the latest hits, and new discov...
