Read what people are saying about working here. 

Job: Engineering

Primary Location: United States-California-US-CA-Sunnyvale

Schedule: Full-time

Requisition ID: 191194

Description

Company Description:

Who is Intuitive Surgical? The numbers tell an amazing story. Learn more about our company.

Joining Intuitive Surgical, Inc. means joining a team dedicated to using technology to benefit patients by improving surgical efficacy and decreasing surgical invasiveness, with patient safety as our highest priority.

Primary Function of Position:

Analyze and improve transaction process within the Quality System. Responsibilities include: data cleaning, running machine learning and data mining methods to discover workflows from transaction data

and metadata, compute KPIs, and prescribe workflow optimization actions.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Work with Data Governance and Analytics teams to identify patterns of data organization and definition

Integrate machine learning into the part creation process which provides early detection and assistance to Engineers and other content creators

Create and deploy tools to monitor and improve the quality of document data

Provide analytical and strategic support for the development of automated data management and monitoring tools

Identify workflow and process improvement opportunities for IT and other business process owners

Qualifications

Skill/Job Requirements:

Minimum 3 years prior experience in three or more of the following areas: data analytics, machine learning, process

modeling, data mining, process mining, optimization theory

Best suited for a graduate student in Computer Science, Electrical/Computer Engineering, Applied

Mathematics, or other related STEM disciplines

Strong database (structured and unstructured) and programming experience in Python, R, and/or Java is a must

Strong prior experience in process mining is highly desirable

We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer.

We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws.

 Intuitive designs, manufactures and markets da Vinci Surgical Systems and related instruments and accessories, which taken together, are ...
