DATA SCIENTIST An industry leading company is looking for a Data Science Consultant to come join their Data Strategy and Analytics team. This is one of The Select Groups' TOP clients who sits in uptown Charlotte. The ideal candidate will have experience as a Data Scientist and come from a background in Digital Analytics. Must be able to work on a W2 basis to be considered. DATA SCIENTIST REQUIREMENTS: 1-3 years of corporate environment experience as a Data Analyst or Data Scientist Experience working within an Agile environment supporting customer data Working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling Strong SQL skills R programming skills (Python is okay, R is preferred) Experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Microstrategy, SSRS, etc Experience working with digital analytics (web, mobile, marketing) PLUS SKILLS: Experience with Google Analytics, Firebase, Big Query, Tealeaf, Qualtrics, Sitecore Analytics, SAP HANA, Hadoop DATA SCIENTIST RESPONSIBILITIES: Build and cultivate relationships with program, business and marketing stakeholders to understand goals. Operate as a subject matter expert on digital analytics. Proactively communicate and set proper expectations with stakeholders on the process, progress, execution (including any blockers and status changes), and releases (including instructions on accessing the new data). Manage the end-to-end testing and model training ensuring data quality. Build your expertise of business knowledge to recommend and deliver improvements to our digital analytics implementation, products, platforms and data to help drive innovation. About The Select Group: We are TSG - a fast-growing technical services firm serving the U.S. and Canada. We open doors to diversified prospective employers who respect and value your ambitions, your pursuit of a meaningful career, and your particular skill-set. We offer interview guidance, an impressive referral program, and partner with you to find work that drives you. Learn more about us in our company overview video, or visit us at http://www.selectgroup.com. Sign up to receive weekly job alerts in your inbox by joining the TSG Talent Network. We have the privilege of impacting lives, so let us impact yours. The Select Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
