On-Site Deerfield role Through March 2020 **Must have focus on: Claims data, and building patient cohorts, similar to a bio-stats or entry level HEOR role **In-depth experience designing and conducting quantitative secondary market research, including cohort based studies in syndicated insurance claims data sets. The ability to meaningfully portray and effectively communicate complex quantitative data in an easy-to-understand format is required. Must have in-depth knowledge and experience in a complex franchise-specific market. Proven experience with global Sales and Marketing organizations and experience with pharmaceutical data sources e.g., IQVIA/IMS, SHA (Symphony Health) and chart audits are required **Knowledge of coding techniques in SAS, R, SPSS or Python and VBA, and advanced Excel skills. Comfort with reporting production and automation techniques. • Demonstrated proficiency with statistical methods, e.g. Kaplan Meier, regression analysis, descriptive statistics, etc. • Experience with BI tools such as Tableau, Qlikview or similar preferred • Experience with people and vendor management preferred Serves as an integral, cross-functional, partner responsible for providing actionable insights into customer behavior, using expertise in advanced analytic techniques (including ability to appropriately manipulate raw claims data into usable HCP and patient profiles) to enhance strategic decision making for brand teams by conducting national, sub-national and patient level analysis. Leverage skills in data analytics to build insightful, creative and continuously improving deliverables to the marketing, sales, and managed markets teams and other key stakeholders across the GIBU. Manages, including design, implementation and communication of results of exploratory APLD claims studies that help achieve product-specific objectives. Partner for GIBU brands to provide leadership in areas of critical business need including project planning, meeting management, and presentation of analysis from secondary market. Responsible for communicating requirements for each commercial product study request, developing the project plan, and coordinating and preparing analysis that will be incorporated directly into the ongoing reporting, special projects, annual brand planning and other critical sales and marketing team decision processes. Has a deep understanding of the types of analysis and insights that can be drawn from using patient level data and can act as an advisor and speak effectively to senior leaders about the meaning of analysis done. ACCOUNTABILITIES: (Describe the primary duties and responsibilities of the job. Approximately 5 – 10 task statements should be identified). • Leads and manages the development of a holistic cross-functional IBD Insights point of view to address specified ad hoc cross-brand and/or cross-functional business questions that require the integration of output from marketing analytics, sales analytics, decision science, and primarily market research. Creates value by adding own and synthesizing groups' insights into actionable reports with insights from the results, the "why” of the visual information. Analytics: • Operates independently and is able to draw key insights from sales, reimbursement (copay) and patient level claims data looking at new patient starts, sales opportunity, adherence metrics, etc. • Conduct relevant research activities which may include longitudinal retrospective studies of existing databases to assess patient characteristics, treatment patterns, and evaluations of disease history, including drug utilization and adherence • Execute analytics to support patient journey and interactions with healthcare eco-system • Determine the ideal methodology to apply for each analysis or process based on data availability and limitations • Develop, validate and deploy predictive and diagnostic solutions using reusable code and computing paradigms • Works with IBD Insights senior staff managers to identify internal and external resource requirements and negotiates resources to meet ad hoc brand team and field sales force needs. Works with Sales and Marketing Leadership to make trade-offs in previous work plans to accommodate new projects. • Evaluates, recommends and communicates appropriate models/techniques and industry knowledge to other team members. Data: • Ensures that appropriate analytical techniques are fully leveraged for any incoming analytics requests by conducting various statistical tests like correlation, decision tree, regression, random forest to predict and asses the patient behavior in their disease treatment journey and position appropriate patient service to different stages of the treatment path. • Has the ability to use raw claims data to solve for business issues or create business solutions after discussions with GIBU leadership. • Create patient share metrics for the Inflammatory bowel disease biologics market and keep track of monthly trends related to different categories of patients, products and approved indications. Collaboration: • Collaborates with internal experts in Analytics, Market Research, Marketing, Sales, Competitive Intelligence, Managed Markets and R&D to generate robust market assumptions and analytics strategy. • Serves as a thought leader to the field sales and marketing teams to deliver answers to key business questions around HCP, Account and Patient behavior and work closely with the field sales and marketing leadership to establish metrics and KPIs for sales initiatives • Participate and provide inputs for the situational analysis and brand planning related to current scenario in the market and future possible events, this exercise results in Brand strategy every year. Project Management: • Represents IBD Insights Management Staff as appropriate on internal committees or external team (e.g. business partners) meetings and communications. • Manage conflicting individual priorities and is flexible while adapting to changing Franchise needs • Provides team members and vendors with timely, constructive feedback, and support. Motivates team to excel by leveraging personal strengths and coaching. • Participates in the recruiting efforts and decision making for new analysts by evaluating potential for success within DSR and sharing feedback with hiring team. EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: (List the education and experience required to perform the primary responsibilities of the job. Equivalent combinations of education and experience should be noted). Education and Experience: • BA or BS in an analytical field such as statistics, operations research, management science, engineering, economics, math, etc. and 6+ years quantitative analytical or forecasting experience; or advanced degree in an analytical field such as statistics, operations research, management science, engineering, economics, math, etc. and 4+ years statistical analysis and/or quantitative experience. • 2+ years pharmaceutical analytics/sales/brand marketing experience. Field Sales and Brand Marketing Analytics experience preferred. • In-depth experience designing and conducting quantitative and qualitative primary and secondary market research. The ability to meaningfully portray and effectively communicate complex quantitative data in an easy-to-understand format is required. Must have in-depth knowledge and experience in a complex franchise-specific market. Proven experience with global Sales and Marketing organizations and experience with pharmaceutical patient claims and sales data sources e.g., IQVIA/IMS, Symphony Health/SHA, Truven, Optum and chart audits are required • Knowledge of coding techniques in SAS,R, SPSS or Python and VBA, and advanced Excel skills. Comfort with reporting production and automation techniques. • Demonstrated proficiency with statistical methods, e.g. ANCOVA, two-tailed p-test, descriptive statistics, etc. • Experience with BI tools such as Tableau, Qlikview or similar preferred • Experience with people and vendor management preferred Skills: • Communication - ability to communicate ideas and data both verbally and written, in a persuasive, organized and appropriate manner, and preparing presentations for customer groups. Can deal with ambiguity and act without having the total picture, is able to effectively pose questions in order to tease out information required for decision-making. Can handle risk and uncertainty • Analytical – ability to analyze relevant data sources and understand how to use this information to drive projects that will impact the business. Curious and driven to find innovative solutions to business questions. • Project Management – Good project management skills and the ability to meet tight deadlines in an environment of competing and changing priorities. Must have strong task management skills to include planning, prioritization, objective setting, and meeting management and plan execution. In-depth ability to use Microsoft Office and other planning software required • Management – ability to set priorities and meet specific deadlines in a changing environment, ability to be flexible, accommodating, and to deal with change effectively. • Customer Service Orientation - ability to gain trust of high-level management and leverage relationships to drive impactful analytical projects. Strong commitment to quality. Consistently and thoroughly reviews work for accuracy before sharing with a wider audience. Delivers final products that are well vetted and reliable • Teamwork - ability to work effectively in and foster a team environment. • Entrepreneurial - ability and desire to take ownership over activities and projects, desire to shape the organization, consistent demonstration of "out of the box” thinking. • Consultative and creative with a willingness to
