The Data Scientist will be responsible for designing and implementing processes and layouts for complex, large-scale data sets used for modeling, data mining, and research purposes. This individual is also responsible for business case development, planning, coordination/collaboration with various internal and vendor teams, project managing the lifecycle of an analysis project, and interface with business sponsors to provide periodic updates. The role will require working on multiple projects simultaneously. Superior communication and interpersonal skills, the ability to work cross-functionally with other areas of the organization, strong analytical skills, a professional demeanor and the ability to participate in and lead teams are the keys to this position. Strong organizational skills are required to be able to effectively manage multiple projects and tasks simultaneously. The candidate must be able to work in a highly visible, dynamic and fast paced environment.  They must also be a self-starter and have both a curiosity and strong desire to dive into available data for developing new insights to grow the front end of our business.   This position reports directly to the Leader, Transformation Office Analytics Center of Excellence. Principle Responsibilities: Live and lead by the company's values and behaviors. Plan and develop advanced analytic projects as required by the Transformation Office or as assigned by Executive Leaders that apply data science techniques including, but not limited to: anomaly detection, clustering, association analysis, text mining, regression, classification, deep learning, RNN, and other ML / Data Science techniques. Contribute to data mining architectures, modelling standards, reporting, and data analysis methodologies for production databases in conjunction with data owners and department managers. Conduct research and make recommendations on data mining products, services, protocols, and standards in support of procurement and development efforts. Collaborate with unit managers, end users, development staff, and other stakeholders to integrate / operationalize model solutions / results back into source systems. Adhere to change control and testing processes for modifications to analytical models. Respond to and resolve data mining performance issues. Monitor data mining system performance and implement efficiency improvements. Manage and/or provide guidance to junior members of the team. Conduct various data auditing, quality assurance, aggregation, validation and reconciliation within the data made available to you and as it pertains to the projects you own / work on. Competencies/Skills: Excellent interpersonal, written/verbal communication of complex findings in a plain language (as well as technical when necessary), and leadership skills with the ability to quickly build credibility, influence and make recommendations to all levels. Enjoys discovering and can solve advanced analytical problems with keen attention to detail. Organizational skills - ability to manage multiple projects and tasks simultaneously, prioritize, and execute on assigned deliverables. Facilitation skills - emphasis on coordinating customer relationships with internal functions/groups; ability to solve issues by coordination across cross-functional areas. Strong cross-functional team player. Strong business acumen and solid understanding of the business problems the company is trying to solve. Enjoys higher learning and maintains an intellectual curiosity that fosters a current knowledge base of latest technology trends regarding advancements in Data Science. Ability to change direction quickly based on analytic needs. A strong desire to data mine and search for patterns that could create new insights. A high level of proficiency with Microsoft Office. Experience with real-time analytics, business intelligence and data visualization platforms (ex. Matplot, GGPlot, Power BI, etc.). Ability to travel on occasion as well as work remotely as the needs arise. | The Data Scientist will be responsible for designing and implementing processes and layouts for complex, large-scale data sets used for modeling, data mining, and research purposes. This individual is also responsible for business case development, planning, coordination/collaboration with various internal and vendor teams, project managing the lifecycle of an analysis project, and interface with business sponsors to provide periodic updates. The role will require working on multiple projects simultaneously. | Superior communication and interpersonal skills, the ability to work cross-functionally with other areas of the organization, strong analytical skills, a professional demeanor and the ability to participate in and lead teams are the keys to this position. Strong organizational skills are required to be able to effectively manage multiple projects and tasks simultaneously. The candidate must be able to work in a highly visible, dynamic and fast paced environment.  They must also be a self-starter and have both a curiosity and strong desire to dive into available data for developing new insights to grow the front end of our business.   | This position reports directly to the Leader, Transformation Office Analytics Center of Excellence.
