We are currently looking for 2 Data Scientists for a large financial client in Jersey City, NJ. These are long term contract positions that have the likelihood of converting full time. If you are interested, please send your resume to [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]. They are looking to move quickly!  The Position:  This Data Scientist is responsible for the analysis and development of business and risk intelligence tools and frameworks for Business Oversight and Supervision. The Data Scientist role is responsible for designing and implementing analytical tools and predictive models based on that intelligence, creating efficiencies in leveraging existing reporting data / tools, and identifying analytics and dashboards that can mitigate and manage Supervisory risk. Other responsibilities of the Data Scientist include developing analytics for risk mitigation opportunities, as well as identifying, monitoring, and communicating trends and implementing recommendations based on those trends / analysis in support of achieving goals in line with business strategy. Key Responsibilities: Work with and coordinate with Supervision team members, Model Risk Management, Compliance, Risk and Audit to build sophisticated models, determine proper empirical methodology, organize data collection, write unique programs, prepare written reports, and summarize the results of analytic studies in formal and informal presentations. Design, develop, test, and implement advanced predictive models and risk analytics tools utilizing data from Supervision, Compliance, and other key partners across the organization. Work with Supervision leads to understand business data requirements and translate them into predictive models and analytical tools. Conduct research to apply techniques in natural language processing, financial engineering methodologies, and applied mathematics to suggest process improvements and risk mitigation analytics where applicable. Develop state-of-the-art software tools to collect, and analyze large volumes of structured and/or unstructured data to streamline business processes and improvements and enhance the quality and efficiency of supervision and oversight Key team member in the development of future state supervision Required Skills: Candidate must possess an advanced graduate degree in Engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science, actuarial science, economics or related technical field. Strong background in machine learning, hypothesis testing, regression analysis, statistics, or probability at the graduate school level or higher, as well as experience creating predictive analytics with noisy data. Background in text analytics, news aggregation and natural language processing. 1-2 years of experience and knowledge in the field of quantitative research and the specialized area of financial engineering, data science, or risk analytics as it relates to the securities industry. Knowledge of predictive model development and oversight. Experience with and ability to work with data including rapid prototyping and coding skills using common data scientist tools (e.g., Python/R, Plotly, Shiny, Presto, Tensorflow, Keras, pyTorch) Strong knowledge of advanced statistical methods, Bayesian learning techniques, pattern recognition and outlier detection algorithms, and predictive modeling methods including decision trees and random forest approaches. Knowledge of financial engineering to develop, maintain and/or validate models used for forecasting, valuation, instrument and strategy selection, portfolio construction, and risk management covering a wide range of financial instruments, including equities, fixed income, currencies, futures, commodities, and/or derivatives. Experience in utilizing sophisticated models and products for managing risks in portfolio construction, trade decision, and execution and hedging, including multi-factor models such as BARRA; risk management metrics and methods such as VaR and stress testing models, valuation and pricing, and model sensitivity and risk statistics. Proficient communication skills both orally and in writing with stakeholders of varying analytics skill and knowledge levels. Must be a self-starter and ability to multi-task and efficiency navigate changing priorities and responsibilities under tight deadlines. EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
