Ref ID: 01300-0010939312 Classification: Business Analyst Compensation: DOE Data Scientist/Analytics Developer You will work in conjunction with business and IT teams to design, build and support enterprise big data, data warehouses and processes. Job Responsibilities: ? Design, build, test, and maintain cloud-based data structures such as data marts, data warehouses, data lakes, and data pipelines ? Design, build, test, and maintain cloud-based data pipelines to acquire, profile, cleanse, consolidate, integrate, and persist structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data ? Develop dashboards and advanced analytics solutions using programming tools and data visualization/prototyping capabilities within PowerBI ? Support exploratory data analysis, statistical analysis, predictive analytics, and machine learning models ? Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality ? Optimize and tune queries for peak performance ? Assist in the construction of high-performance algorithms, prototypes, predictive models, and proofs of concept ? Select and integrate any data science, Big Data tools, and frameworks required to provide requested capabilities ? Remain current on data architecture, analytics, and data science developments ? Ensure systems meet industry best practices and business, security, privacy, and retention requirements Required Skills: ? Big Data implementation experience ? Experience in Microsoft Azure Platform ? Data Visualization experience using Power BI ? NoSQL data stores ? SQL Server, SQL queries and experience in System Integration and Data Transformation/ETL ? Proficiency in data mining, statistical analysis and modeling of large scale, complex data sets ? Proficiency in manipulating, extracting and presenting big data set in a concise and meaningful way to deliver business value to our customers ? Must be a proactive and continuous learner ? Critical thinking and problem solving ? Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Qualifications: ? You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or work experience equivalent. ? 2+ years of relevant IT experience in a data science field ? Strong verbal and written communication skills ? Passionate self-starter, able to prioritize tasks and manage time effectively ? Ability to take ownership of projects to ensure high quality and successful on-time completion ? Continually learn and enhance your skill set to keep up with modern advances in technology ? Design innovative approaches to view and interact with data for analysis Bonus Qualifications: ? Experience in IOT ? Azure IOT, Azure Analytics, Azure Event Hubs ? Machine Learning experience ? Experience with Hadoop, Spark
