Lead or Sr Data Scientist   Description   The Lead Scientist leads a team of data scientists, works closely with client’s technical team to plan, develop and execute on client requirements providing technical expertise and project leadership. Lead effort to foster innovative ideas for developing high impact solutions. Evaluate and lead broad range of forward looking analytics initiatives, track emerging data science trends, and knowledge sharing. Willing and able to contribute individually to the project effort   Key Responsibilities   ·          Provide technical expertise and assume responsibility for the project delivery. ·          Ensure client expectations are met and customer satisfaction index is high. ·          Follow project management principles and ensure process compliance. ·          Create an environment for innovation and learning by mentoring, coaching the team ·          Responsible for motivation and retention of the team members ·          Work with internal and external stakeholders, identify and engage with partners as required.   |Lead or Sr Data Scientist| |Description| |The Lead Scientist leads a team of data scientists, works closely with client’s technical team to plan, develop and execute on client requirements providing technical expertise and project leadership. Lead effort to foster innovative ideas for developing high impact solutions. Evaluate and lead broad range of forward looking analytics initiatives, track emerging data science trends, and knowledge sharing. Willing and able to contribute individually to the project effort| |Key Responsibilities  | ·          |Provide technical expertise and assume responsibility for the project delivery.| ·          |Ensure client expectations are met and customer satisfaction index is high.| ·          |Follow project management principles and ensure process compliance.| ·          |Create an environment for innovation and learning by mentoring, coaching the team| ·          |Responsible for motivation and retention of the team members| ·          |Work with internal and external stakeholders, identify and engage with partners as required.| 
