Location: Creve Coeur, MO Duration: 5-6 months with possible extension / possible contract to hire Description: Analytics team within the Research and Development (R&D) IT organization looks to find creative and innovative solutions to enable success across the enterprise from our research pipeline to the customer while identifying and capitalizing on new opportunities to maintain and grow our position as the market leader. The ability to examine and optimize our current methods coupled with an eye on the future lends itself to a unique opportunity within our organization. Client has an opportunity available for an Image Analytics Data Scientist to join our team. Our team works directly with scientists to develop software platforms that enable cutting-edge research and development to revolutionize plant breeding and biotechnology, optimize supply chain logistics and deliver best customer experience. The successful candidate will use the latest innovations in image analysis and data science to propose R&D software solutions that accommodate emerging trends in data quantity and quality. The Image analytics data scientist will design and test algorithms and conduct prototyping to evaluate possible scenarios leveraging computational and statistical techniques for the development of novel approaches for high-throughput data image analyses. |Location: Creve Coeur, MO|Duration: 5-6 months with possible extension / possible contract to hire|Analytics team within the Research and Development (R&D) IT organization looks to find creative and innovative solutions to enable success across the enterprise from our research pipeline to the customer while identifying and capitalizing on new opportunities to maintain and grow our position as the market leader. The ability to examine and optimize our current methods coupled with an eye on the future lends itself to a unique opportunity within our organization.|Client has an opportunity available for an Image Analytics Data Scientist to join our team. Our team works directly with scientists to develop software platforms that enable cutting-edge research and development to revolutionize plant breeding and biotechnology, optimize supply chain logistics and deliver best customer experience.|The successful candidate will use the latest innovations in image analysis and data science to propose R&D software solutions that accommodate emerging trends in data quantity and quality. The Image analytics data scientist will design and test algorithms and conduct prototyping to evaluate possible scenarios leveraging computational and statistical techniques for the development of novel approaches for high-throughput data image analyses.
