Data Scientist Opening in Waltham, MA! Apex Systems combines with parent company On Assignment to make it the 2nd largest IT staffing agency in the country. Apex has an opportunity for a Data Scientist role in the Boston area. This is a 6 month contract position and the pay rate is flexible depending on experience. Here are the details:                         For applicants who are interested in this Data Scientist opportunity; please send a Word resume to Kevin DiLisio, Technical Recruiter, at [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]. Position: Data Scientist Apex Job ID: 960532 Location: Waltham, MA Rate: Negotiable based on experience Duration: 6 months Position Description: As a Data Scientist with this client, you will: Define and build models, mine big and small data to better understand complex data structures. Support the Vendor Performance Manager, to understand, measure and analyse the performance of this client's supply base, providing key data mining techniques, whilst alleviating risks and ensuring that maximum value and savings are realized through our client's global supply chain.  Research and develop statistical models for data analysis. Identify, extract, and integrate data sets ranging in size from spreadsheets to big data. Discover the best methods of assimilating data from several different sources and formats for use in analyses Deploying sustainable cleansed data solutions. Employ sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning, and statistical methods for predictive and prescriptive modeling, forecasting, and simulations. Combining complex data sets, including but not limited to, third party spend, supply chain risk, contract performance. Identify new data needs, providing expertise to business functions and IS to incorporate into existing reporting repository. Work collaboratively with Data Stewards and Data Owners to ensure alignment on data quality and on data governance Required Skills: 1.  2+ years of experience in business environment as a data scientist/business analyst/quantitative analyst 2.  Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis 3.  Extensive knowledge and experience of Tableau/interactive data visualization software 4.  Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation  Desired Skills (not required but candidate will have exposure to these skills in this role): 1. Practical knowledge of Ariba 2. Experimental Design experience  3. Knowledge of Agile frameworks Additional Benefits: For this opportunity, you will also be eligible for benefits through Apex for the contract period, 401K, medical/health benefits options, a W2 hourly rate, weekly pay, and direct deposit! EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
