THE COMPANY         MCR is the trusted leader in integrated program management solutions. Since 1977, we have provided objectivity, smart thinking and the highest levels of support to help our clients get the job done, and done right. Our vast experience and knowledgeable people are our greatest assets. Their subject matter expertise, commitment to excellence and the high quality of their work, combined with our full suite of services, allows our clients to accomplish their missions and support national priorities. Our corporate values are based on integrity, excellence, honesty, service and trust. It is through these values that we form long-term client partnerships, build expertise, and attract and retain talented employees. For more information about MCR, LLC career opportunities, please visit      www.mcri.com    .       
   DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES    
  NATO established Headquarters Supreme Allied Commander Transformation (HQ SACT) in Norfolk, VA, in 2003 to lead transformation efforts and improve military capabilities to meet 21st century security and defense requirements. This work encompasses the need to enhance the Alliance’s ability to apply a comprehensive approach to the conduct of future operations and engagement with partners, NATO’s interaction with non-NATO entities that include states, non-state actors and international and non-governmental organizations.   
  Pursuant to the decision by the North Atlantic Council to implement the NATO Command Structure Adaptation, ACT has developed a Strategic Alternatives Branch (SALT). The Branch provides the Commander with alternative ideas derived through the extensive use of data science and analytics that exist outside NATO’s conventional processes in the service of Warfare Development.   
  The scope of this work is to drive improvements to the quality of NATO’s situational awareness, risk assessment, strategy, and decision making over the mid- to long-term horizon through the application of data science and analytics to improve organizational performance throughout the Alliance.   
  Job responsibilities include:    	
  Provision of technical expertise regarding the application of data science and analytics to strategic alternatives. Leverages various statistical techniques to identify patterns within large data sets to make predictions and enterprise-oriented suggestions. Utilizes predictive modeling to increase and optimize the effects of Warfare Development.   	
  Development of strategies to identify patterns within large data sets, make predictions based on data science, and provide corresponding recommendations to senior leadership. Simplifies and communicates key findings and insights to senior leadership and draws implications for work organization-wide   	
 Predictions based on data science. This line of effort consists of working alongside key stakeholders across NATO to develop and execute data-science strategies over the long-term. This includes both strategies for data science, e.g., how to scale the use of data science in support of every level of decision-making) and strategies informed by data science, e.g., the use of data science to support the development and translation of policy between NATO HQ and the NATO Command Structure.     	
  Metrics that improve NATO’s ability to assess effects in the mid- to long-term horizon. Doing so includes the development of comprehensive analytical and mapping capabilities to identify or predict relevant, feasible, and potential challenges and opportunities to NATO and partners.    
  
   BASIC QUALIFICATIONS     	
  Professional experience in the area international relations and security studies.   	
  Masters degree in a data science or related field.   	
  Four years (within the last seven years) experience conducting predictive analytics using data science (big data) and providing advice on relevant issues in the field of data science.   	
  Demonstrated experience in preparation and development of Flag Officer/General Officer or civilian equivalent briefings, background papers, reports, and speeches.   	
  Active US Secret / NATO Secret security clearance.           EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER       MCR, LLC is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to  sex, gender identity, sexual orientation,  race, color, religion,  nationa l  origin ,  disability ,  protecte d  vetera n  status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.    


  
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Norfolk, VA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4537
