Make an impact on data analytics, while enjoying a great environment and collaborative culture  Broaden your skills and expertise at one of the fastest growing companies in healthcare Bring your strong data science background to an important role in which you can  make an impact : 
You will  directly impact data analysis efforts  that will  influence business decisions and drive results for the organization . This is a role where  you will be able to see the results of your efforts . Your work will be visible throughout the entire company.  
While a healthcare background would be ideal, as long as you have an aptitude for learning and a positive, professional attitude with the drive to excel, you can
 make your mark and continue to build your career  here.  
We provide  outstanding training  to get you started. Our training will help you thrive today and over the long-term. As a senior-level contributor, we will also look to you to help guide and train other less experienced Data Scientists.  
Our team members are committed to our goal of controlling healthcare costs and we  recognize and reward strong performance.  These are just a few of the reasons we have such strong teams and tenured employees.  
You will enjoy competitive compensation and strong benefits. And, success here could  set you up to grow your skills and take on even more responsibility down the line .   To be a strong fit for this opportunity you will have:  
Advanced degree or Ph.D. in computer science, applied math, statistics, physics, economics or another quantitative field.  
3-4 years of hands-on experience with a Master’s degree and 2 years of experience with a Ph.D.  
Strong experience with data science - including building models, testing, analyzing, etc.  
Excellent SQL skills: experience querying large, complex data sets to understand business operations at a granular level.   
The most respected payment integrity institution,  Equian is a fast-paced, innovative, technology-driven Payment Integrity company that has made the Inc. 500 list of the nation's fastest growing healthcare companies six years running. We provide solutions to the top 100 insurance providers throughout the United States in commercial healthcare, workers' compensation and property & casualty. We ensure that our clients experience the lowest possible costs by utilizing advanced technology, customized solutions, exclusive offerings and personalized service to drive optimal savings and reduce administrative demands. Equian's payment integrity value chain includes pre- and post-payment solutions and are supported by core technology platforms AuditPoint© and Troveris© that detect and address gaps to ensure optimal payment performance.



EOE/AA/M/F/Vets/Disabled 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Woburn, MA 01801 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Healthcare Services 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         PostingMachine18377
