Major Skills:  
Hadoop  
python  
cloud (aws/azure)  
NoSQL, MongoDB  
machine learning  
Are you interested in working with MDM solutions? Does the idea of working with a prestigious bank excite you? Do you like the idea of utilizing your data science expertise in a consulting environment? 
Our client, a  data-focused consultancy with a wide range of clients across industries, is working on an engagement for a large bank to support the build-out of a reporting and dashboarding suite. They are looking to bring on a Data Scientist who will support the management of the data-focused aspect of the project. The ideal candidate would have experience working with machine learning and cloud softwares, and be excited to join a consultancy that has an innovative operating model and is slated to grow significantly this year. 


  

Data Scientist Requirements:  
Bachelors degree and 4-8+ years of professional experience 
Experience with AWS and Azure software required. 
Experience with machine learning strongly preferred. 
Experience with Python required. 
Experience with NoSQL or MongoDB required. 
Knowledge of JAVA and JavaScript a plus. 
Demonstrated success working in a dynamic environment 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to reassure nervous clients and stakeholders  

  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             New York City, NY 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Part Time 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         4 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Student (High School) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         655565
