Acara Solutions is seeking a  Data Scientist  (NLP/Machine Learning) for our client in Charlotte, NC. 
  
Our client is a software-as-a-service (SaaS) company that interlaces structured and unstructured data to provide unparalleled market intelligence to both domestic and international clients. They are working on a smart platform that is capable of business-oriented knowledge representation and predictive modeling. 
  
 Summary:  
The Data Scientist will work collectively with its principal data scientist on challenging projects in the areas of natural language processing (NLP), machine learning, and data analytics. Qualified individuals will work in a research and development team to create semantic representation from unstructured free-texts, predominantly news articles. 
 This is an excellent opportunity to get hands-on experience in solving real-world problems using NLP and machine learning. The projects involved play a crucial role in the development of our commercial product and will act as an excellent addition to the professional
 portfolio of the interns. 
  
Job responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
Build pipelines for multi-label classification on news articles 
Evaluate various algorithmic approaches in information extraction 
Train and optimize predictive models 
Information retrieval (with web scraping and parsing) 
Maintain and sanitize entries in the databases 
Write wrappers to connect backend with frontend UI 


Required Skills / Qualifications: 
Masters Degree in Data Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science or related field 
A minimum of 1 year of professional experience with MongoDB, AWS, Linux/Unix, Python and Java 

 Preferred Skills / Qualifications: 
Knwoledge of NLP and machine learning libraries (e.g., NLTK, Scikit Learn) 
Knowledge of common methods in information extraction 
Experience with tools and methods for feature engineering 
Experience in predictive modeling and parameter optimization 
Strong research and problem-solving skills 
Excellent communication (written, verbal) and teamwork skills 




 Aleron companies; Acara Solutions, Aleron Shared Resources, Broadleaf Results, Lume Strategies, Viaduct, and Aleron?s strategic partner, SDI are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.

Applicants for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not meet the employment requirements for individuals with F-1 OPT STEM work authorization status. 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Charlotte, NC 28272 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         4 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Master's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         442348
