Description:Function as the lead within the Failure Repair And Corrective Action System (FRACAS) team. Develop methods and reports for analyzing U.S. Air Force maintenance data, Failure And Repair Reports (FARR), depot maintenance activity and various other data sources to create Condition Based Maintenance (CBM) recommendations for the customer. Must be a US Citizen. This position is located at a facility that requires special access. This position requires a active Secret Security Clearance. Basic Qualifications: Experience using and creating various databases. Knowledge of Machine Learning (ML), Condition Based Maintenance (CBM) and/or statistical analysis or equivalent disciplines. Desired Skills: Extensive experience using various Failure Repair And Corrective Action System (FRACAS) systems. Familiarity with Failure Modes, Effects and Criticality Analysis (FMECA). Use of modeling tools. Knowledge of machine learning tools and techniques. Experience with Reliability, Maintainability and Supportability (RM&S) analysis. An understanding of how to perform a Level Of Repair Analysis (LORA). Experience using various Government maintenance collection databases. Experance modeling maintenance data for decision making and forecasting. Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about. As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories. Experience Level: Experienced Professional Business Unit: ESS0343 AERONAUTICS COMPANY Relocation Available: Possible Career Area: Logistics Clearance Level: Secret Type: Full-Time Virtual Location: yes Work Schedule: 9x80A-9,9,9,9,8 hrs/d in wk1, /9,9,9,9,off in wk2 Shift: First
