Are you a Senior Data Scientist who is passionate about infusing AI into Microsoft Dynamics 365 apps? Does the challenge of applying state-of-the-art ML algorithms to solve real-world business problems sound exciting?  Would you like to acquire hands-on experience of working with product teams to ship products and make business impact?   If you answered "yes" to these questions, we want to talk to you about joining the Data Analytics (DA) team, under Customer Care Application (CCA) and Business Application Group (BAG).  Our mission is to empower our customers to make data driven decisions through integrated analytics and adaptive experiences. We are responsible for designing and developing ML based solutions to support product teams in CCA Customer Service vertical.  You will work with a diverse group of data scientists, software engineers and product/project managers, and have access to broad data science expertise and tools to build awesome products for Dynamics 365 customers. Responsibilities Lead collaboration across multiple disciplinary teams to integrate speech recognition technology with sentiment AI capability to ship call center intelligence features in D365 Customer Service product family Lead feature engineering effort to design features from unstructured data Develop and apply Machine learning algorithms to identify root causes of specific customer experiences from support channels Operationalize models in production environment and leverage the feedback loop for retraining Design and develop intelligent solutions to provide actionable insights from data Be able to work efficiently in a dynamic team environment Communicate and collaborate with project partners across business lines Own and drive projects from conceptualization to partner adoption Qualifications Bachelor/MS/PhD degree in math, statistics, physics, engineering, or computer science 5 years of experience in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Statistics, including but not limited to, classification, regression, optimization, deep learning, reinforcement learning and experimentation 1 year of experience in Speech Recognition, including speech to text transcription, acoustic feature generation, acoustic and language model optimization 3 year of experience in Text Analytics, including topic modeling, entity extraction, attribute identification, entity-relationship modeling and structure discovery 3 year of hands-on experience data analysis tools and statistical packages (R/Python) Preferred Qualifications: Familiarity with Microsoft Azure technologies, e.g. Azure Data Lake, Azure Kubernetes Services, Azure Databricks, etc. Familiarity with Microsoft Cognitive Services technologies, e.g. Custom Speech, Translator … etc. Proficiencies in SQL, C# and Cosmos Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.  We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.   Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.   Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
