Senior Data Scientist – 6426 We are searching for a multi-faceted data scientist for our client! The ideal candidate is interested in interfacing directly with customers and contributing to our client’s machine learning and artificial intelligence technology.  If you can transform client data sets into actionable, interpretable decision models, enjoy writing beautiful, reusable code, love explaining machine learning to non-experts, and are interested in onboarding clients, this position is for you! The Data Scientist role is a direct hire opportunity with one of our clients in Raleigh, NC. Client wants to see all qualified candidates, so salary range is open. Local candidates strongly preferred but will consider relocating the right candidate. Partial telecommute from the local area possible. No sponsorship or C2C arrangements available. Responsibilities of the Data Scientist: Help customers translate their data and problems in ways that our ML system can best solve them Create requirements and select algorithms for tools that customers can use themselves in conjunction with our ML system Characterize aspects of our ML system and recommend ways it can be improved Identify a new customer’s problems and data sets where we can deliver the most value Transform and process the data sets to maximize accuracy, performance, and ML transparency Communicate results to customers and make recommendations for future work Qualifications of the Data Scientist: At least 3 to 7 years’ experience applying machine learning and advanced statistics techniques to solve problems Experience with all aspects of feature engineering, including interviewing subject matter experts, feature transformation, feature evaluation, and feature selection Good writing and communication skills Proficiency with a productive data science language such as Python, R, Scala, etc. Approachable, friendly demeanor Ability and willingness to accept criticism, give criticism, and justify reasoning on either end of an argument MS or BS in computer science, statistics, or another field related to ML Contact Judy Protz at [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] or (919)981-6200 x315 with questions regarding this posting. A Word resume is preferred when applying. When looking for a job, have you ever heard the phrase… it is not about what you know, it is who you know? At HireNetworks, it really is all about who we know. Whether your current contract is coming to a close, you’re looking to advance your career or are a company on the hunt for new talent and wanting to expand…let HireNetworks put our networks to work for you. HireNetworks is an equal opportunity employer.
