Job Description Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. Combining unmatched experience and specialized skills across more than 40 industries and all business functions – underpinned by the world’s largest delivery network – Accenture works at the intersection of business and technology to help clients improve their performance and create sustainable value for their stakeholders. With approximately 425,000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries, Accenture drives innovation to improve the way the world works and lives. Visit us at www.accenture.com. As part of our Data Business Group, you will lead technology innovation for our clients through robust delivery of world-class solutions. You will build better software better! There will never be a typical day and that’s why people love it here. The opportunities to make a difference within exciting client initiatives are unlimited in the ever-changing technology landscape. You will be part of a highly collaborative and growing network of technology and data experts, who are taking on today’s biggest, most complex business challenges using the latest data and analytics technologies. We will nurture your talent in an inclusive culture that values diversity. You will have an opportunity to work in roles such as Data Scientist, Data Engineer, or Chief Data Officer covering all aspects of Data including Data Management, Data Governance, Data Intelligence, Knowledge Graphs, and IoT. Come grow your career in Technology at Accenture! People in our Client Delivery & Operations career track drive delivery and capability excellence through the design, development and/or delivery of a solution, service, capability or offering. They grow into delivery-focused roles, and can progress within their current role, laterally or upward. Business & Technology Integration professionals advise upon, design, develop and/or deliver technology solutions that support best practice business changes Job Description Data and Analytics professionals define strategies, develop and deliver solutions that enable the collection, processing and management of information from one or more sources, and the subsequent delivery of information to audiences in support of key business processes. Big Data professionals use Big Data methodologies, solutions and tools to help organizations optimize their business performance by managing, sorting and filtering volumes of data as well as extracting meaningful value from these large volumes of data. A professional at this position level within Accenture has the following responsibilities: Adapts existing methods and procedures to create possible alternative solutions to moderately complex problems.  Understands the strategic direction set by senior management as it relates to team goals.  Uses considerable judgment to determine solution and seeks guidance on complex problems.  Primary upward interaction is with direct supervisor. May interact with peers and/or management levels at a client and/or within Accenture. Determines methods and procedures on new assignments with guidance.  Decisions often impact the team in which they reside.  Manages small teams and/or work efforts (if in an individual contributor role) at a client or within Accenture
