DESCRIPTION How do we identify products that our customers are interested in? How do we make buying decisions on millions of new and slow-moving products with no demand signals? How do we continuously explore our product offering and quantify the value of our investment decisions? The Strategic and Fringe Selection team in the Supply Chain Optimization Technologies (SCOT) organization is dedicated to answering these questions using statistical methods. We are responsible for driving thought leadership and innovation to define new approaches for optimizing Amazon’s selection. We develop cutting edge data pipelines, build accurate predictive models, and deploy automated software solutions to bring the right selection to our customers. We are looking for an experienced, passionate, hardworking and analytical researcher to help us answer these questions. As a Data Scientist on the Strategic and Fringe Selection team, you will collaborate directly with machine learning scientists, economists and statisticians to produce modeling solutions, you will partner with software developers to build end-to-end data pipelines and production code, and you will have exposure to senior leadership as we communicate results and provide scientific guidance to the business. You will analyze large amounts of business data, automate and scale the analysis, and develop metrics that will enable us to continually delight our customers worldwide. As a successful data scientist, you are an analytical problem solver who enjoys diving into data, is excited about investigations and algorithms, can multi-task, and can credibly interface between technical teams and business stakeholders. Your analytical abilities, business understanding, and technical savvy will be used to identify specific and actionable opportunities to solve existing business problems and look around corners for future opportunities. Your expertise in synthesizing and communicating insights and recommendations to audiences of varying levels of technical sophistication will enable you to answer specific business questions and innovate for the future. Major responsibilities include: • • Utilizing code (Python, R, Scala, etc.) for analyzing data and building statistical models to solve specific business problems. • • Improve upon existing methodologies by developing new data sources, testing model enhancements, and fine-tuning model parameters. • • Directly contribute to the design and development of automated selection systems • • Build customer-facing reporting tools to provide insights and metrics which track system performance • • Collaborate with researchers, software developers, and business leaders to define product requirements and provide analytical support • • Communicating verbally and in writing to business customers and leadership team with various levels of technical knowledge, educating them about our systems, as well as sharing insights and recommendations. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS • Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, or Economics • • 3+ years' of experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python, R), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab, etc.) • • 2+ years of relevant working experience in an analytical role involving data extraction, analysis, and communication • • Outstanding quantitative modeling and statistical analysis skills • • Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively advocate technical solutions to research scientists, engineering teams and business audiences PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS • Experience processing, filtering, and presenting large quantities (Millions to Billions of rows) of data. • • Depth and breadth in quantitative knowledge. Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills. Sophisticated user of statistical tools. • Experience in building and launching machine learning models in production. • • Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment • • Experience in supply chain or operations optimization a plus
