**C2C is not available** **Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.** Location: Creve Coeur, MO 63141 Duration: 6 months Data Scientist Analytics team within the Research and Development (R&D) IT organization looks to find creative and innovative solutions to enable success across the enterprise from our research pipeline to the customer while identifying and capitalizing on new opportunities to maintain and grow our position as the market leader. The ability to examine and optimize our current methods coupled with an eye on the future lends itself to a unique opportunity within our organization. We have an opportunity available for an Image Analytics Data Scientist to join our team. Our team works directly with scientists to develop software platforms that enable cutting-edge research and development to revolutionize plant breeding and biotechnology, optimize supply chain logistics and deliver best customer experience. The successful candidate will use the latest innovations in image analysis and data science to propose R&D software solutions that accommodate emerging trends in data quantity and quality. The Image analytics data scientist will design and test algorithms and conduct prototyping to evaluate possible scenarios leveraging computational and statistical techniques for the development of novel approaches for high-throughput data image analyses. Required Skills: • PhD (or MS with 3+ years of post MS experience ) Computer Science/Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics or an analytics discipline • Proficient in Python or C++/Java • Proficiency with image processing and/or computer vision algorithms • Proficiency in Machine Learning algorithms and concepts (Ensembles, Deep Learning, SVM, etc.) • Experience analyzing and presenting complex data and proven problem-solving abilities • Strong publication record in leading scientific journals • Strong organizational, interpersonal, and written communication skills Desired Skills: • Experience working with agricultural/biological scientific data is highly desired • Drive for translating business problems into research initiatives that deliver business value • Creativity in defining challenging exploratory projects - MGR will be OOO the last week of May.       #CBRose# Rose International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender (expression or identity), national origin, arrest and conviction records, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Positions located in San Francisco and Los Angeles, California will be administered in accordance with their respective Fair Chance Ordinances. Rose International has an official agreement (ID #132522), effective June 30, 2008, with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Employment Verification Program (E-Verify). (Posting required by OCGA 13/10-91.)
