Job Description Job Description The Weather Company, an IBM Business, is the world’s largest weather enterprise helping millions of people and thousands of businesses make more informed decisions – and take action - in the face of weather. Some of the world's biggest brands in aviation, energy, insurance and media, as well as governments, depend on us to deliver the most accurate and precise weather insights available. We respond to 50B requests for weather information every single day, forecasting for 2.2B locations around the world every 15 minutes at a half kilometer resolution. We connect newscasters, airline pilots, energy traders, insurance executives, state agency employees, retail management and more to the weather intel they need, on any device. We aggregate the deepest, richest data sets — both business and consumer — to deliver personal, reliable and actionable weather information, analytics and insight. It has never been a more exciting time to be building products at IBM. We are hiring a Sr. Data Scientist to join our centralized AI team for The Weather Channel consumer platforms. Machine learning is a crucial ingredient of our future as we pioneer new products built on our highly accurate and scaled data infrastructure. You will collaborate with teams composed of skilled engineers, product managers, other data scientists, and designers to advance the way we serve our insights, content, and advertising to our users. You will accomplish this by building innovative analytical models, testing and validating models, data gathering and research, fact-based quantitative analysis, interpreting the models in business terms, and communicating findings to leaders. Are you passionate about harnessing the power of big data and analytics to address real-world consumer problems and play a key role in influencing change? If so, we want you to apply. Required Technical and Professional Expertise BA/BS or MS in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, or related STEM field Proficiency in Python, R, SQL or another programming language Experience or coursework in machine learning Statistical modeling through software (e.g. SPSS) or programming language (e.g. Python) Understanding of database and analytical technologies in the industry Demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product and technical challenges in an enterprise environment Excellent oral and written communication skills Ability to collaborate in a team environment Proven ability to collaborate and develop positive business relationships both internally and externally Familiarity with Jira, etc. platforms and Agile / Scrum environments Work ethic, personal integrity, and passion for building the next big thing Live or be willing to relocate to Atlanta, GA Preferred Tech and Prof Experience Doctorate degree in quantitative Field or 5+ years of relevant experience Experience and/or coursework in Deep Learning Advanced MS Excel skills (e.g. VLOOKUP, Pivot tables) Professional experience with Spark and/or TensorFlow Hands-on experience deploying analytical models to solve business problems Ability to develop experimental and analytical plans for data modeling processes Experience with data visualization tools EO Statement IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
