Your Responsibilities: Job Purpose: Drug Design and Selection (DDS) supports the therapeutic areas within GSK contributing to the discovery of new medicines through the collaborative identification of disease-linked targets and the selection of molecules for future drug development.  We are responsible for delivering scientific expertise and specific platform capabilities to ensure that GSK is able to deliver the best modality and molecules, for development, in a particular disease area.  Within DDS, there are a number of lines which support this process, working with the therapeutic areas to design and deliver the high quality molecules which are necessary for successful clinical evaluation. We are seeking to introduce new biological screening technologies to our scientific platforms, with a focus on high content, data rich detection methods such as transcriptomics, imaging and flow cytometry. This combination of high content and high throughput will require the development and application of  modern machine learning algorithms g if we are to get full value from the data. We therefore have a vacancy for a Biological Data Scientist with deep expertise in modern machine learning techniques, experience of handling large high content biological datasets, and an interest in the application of these methods to biological data. The Computational and Modeling Sciences Department (CMS) generates and applies computational models across the drug discovery pipeline from lead discovery to late stage development. We work closely with multidisciplinary drug discovery teams, applying computational approaches combined with knowledge of chemistry, biology, and the drug discovery/development process to facilitate the identification, prioritization and progression of bioactive agents.   Our scientists are responsible for generating testable hypotheses that drive discovery programs, extracting and analyzing decision-making data. The successful candidate will work collaboratively with other team members to implement innovative analytics and machine learning solutions that are capable of handling large multiparametric datasets from high content compound screening approaches. They will be embedded within the biology teams to enable the seamless integration of high content biology with state of the art data analysis. They will also contribute to the training and development of data science capabilities in our laboratory-based scientists. Key Responsibilities: • Develop methods for the  analysis of multiparametric datasets from high content screening • Input to the assay design phase to define statistically significant biological endpoints. • Use machine learning to build predictive models for application in drug discovery programs • Develop automated capabilities which enable the application of machine learning across the discovery portfolio, from small molecules to biopharmaceuticals. • Be an expert resource and consultant for other members of Drug Design and Selection • Prepare and present results to internal and external groups • Work with others within a matrix organization Why You?Basic qualifications: • MS or equivalent with relevant experience in Computational Science • Evidence of a broad knowledge of computational sciences which will include a deep knowledge of one or more areas of machine learning and analysis of high content datasets • Demonstrated ability to build robust statistical models from large scientific data sets • Demonstrated ability to utilize computer programming and scripting languages such as R, C/C++, Python or Java. • Evidence of identifying, developing, and applying innovative solutions to scientific and technological problems faced in the Life Sciences • Evidence of strong critical thinking skills • Excellent written and oral communication skills and the ability to interact effectively with scientists in other disciplines, in particular bioassay scientists,  with a positive, collegial, collaborative attitude • A keen interest or some background in Biology Preferred qualifications: • PhD in a STEM discipline • Demonstrated skills in building models based on high content biological data • Demonstrated skills to programmatically collect, combine, mine and analyze complex biological and chemical data • Experience with scientific pipelining tools such as Pipeline Pilot or Knime. Why GSK?: At GSK, our mission is to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. Our three world-leading businesses research and deliver innovative medicines, vaccines and consumer healthcare products. We need a talented and motivated workforce to deliver against our strategy. To achieve this, we strive to attract the best people and to create an environment that empowers and inspires. Contact information: You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button. If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK HR Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).GSK is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class. Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
