Constant Contact, Inc. helps small businesses and nonprofits connect with their customers, clients, and members. Constant Contact® champions the needs of small organizations and provides an easy, affordable way to build successful, lasting customer relationships. Our customers get real results through email newsletters, surveys, events, Facebook promotions, online listings, and more. The Nuts and Bolts: Working across nearly all functions and initiatives at Constant Contact, the Analytics team is on a journey to develop a deep understanding of our customers across all aspects of their lifecycle. We leverage this insight to bring in more customers and revenue, and to drive customer success and engagement. What you will do: The Senior Data Scientist will be a key member of the Analytics and Data Science team, serving as subject matter expert and energized by tackling big challenges in a complex business environment. You will not only dive deep to find the answers, but craft meaningful and articulate recommendations that can be discussed and acted upon with your peers. This person will drive a broad range of analytic initiatives focused on improving productivity, profitability and effectiveness across all areas of our organization including: Customer segmentation Customer engagement Multi-channel campaign optimization Optimizing customer success Customer Lifecycle analysis Analyze customer behavior and patterns to drive customer engagement strategies Conduct analysis of prospects and customers for product design, go-to-market strategies and retention engagement efforts Develop data inquiries, and conduct data exploration and data mining to determine program effectiveness and predict future performance Develop and implement test designs that serve as champion and challenger for marketing programs Develop and analyze optimal testing strategies Analyze customer segments to drive growth Partner closely with business stakeholders to ensure insights are leading to action and measuring the business impact Customer Insights is creating About YOU: 5+ years experience in analytics and/or data science analyzing data to understand and impact business results The ideal candidate is versed in business, sales, and/or customer lifecycle marketing strategy. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. Strong experience with SQL and Tableau or other BI tools. Experience developing data visualizations to enable data exploration and bring life to numbers Experience with SAS, Python and/or R Practical knowledge applying analytical techniques such as time series regression, decision trees, segmentation, clustering, response modeling and factor analysis to real-world data. Understanding of sampling and testing methodology including A/B splits and multivariate testing. Curious, self-motivated thinker; always asks why and drives until the answer is clear. Strong communicator with demonstrated experiencing translating analytic findings to business insights and influencing business stakeholders to drive action and improved business performance. Strong project management and cross-functional collaboration skills required. Preferred qualifications: Master’s Degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science or equivalent experience. Proven track record in analytics with a consulting firm, agency or on client side (marketing/media/sales) strongly preferred. Strong writing, and presentation skills. Comfortable interacting with senior leadership. We Offer: We offer an opportunity to work with great people in an innovative environment doing great things. You can expect a salary commensurate with your capabilities, a generous benefits package, and attractive corporate perks that will make you the envy of the neighborhood. If you feel your skills match then please reach out to learn more about this exciting opportunity. About US: Endurance International Group (NASDAQ: EIGI) helps millions of small businesses realize their dreams. We equip small businesses worldwide with products and technology to power their online web presence, email marketing, mobile business solutions, and more. Endurance’s best in class family of brands includes Constant Contact, Bluehost, HostGator, iPage, Domain.com, BigRock, and SiteBuilder, among others. Headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, Endurance employs more than 3,800 people across the United States, Brazil, India, and the United Kingdom.
