Job Number: R0051675 Strategic Alternatives Data Scientist, Senior The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve international data science capability. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You will participate in the identification, analysis, and evaluation of policies, processes, systems, or instrumentation regarding foreign threats or homeland security and perform scientific or technical intelligence analysis. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -4 years of experience with conducting predictive analysis using data science, including Big Data and advising on relevant issues in the data science field -Experience working in the international relations and security studies areas -Experience with preparing and developing briefings, background papers, reports, and speeches for Flag or General Officers or the civilian equivalent -Active Secret clearance -MA degree Nice If You Have: -Experience with multiple programming languages, including Python, C++, R, MATLAB, or SAS -Experience with Big Data architecture platforms and extracting information from disparate data sources, then merging them together for analysis -Knowledge of advanced machine learning capabilities, including gradient boosting, random forests, or convolutional neural networks -Knowledge of various machine learning algorithms, statistics, and mathematics principles -Ability to learn new programming languages easily -Ability to use contemporary office tools, including Microsoft Office -MA or MS degree in Mathematics, CS, Engineering, or a related field preferred; PhD degree in Mathematics, CS, Engineering, or a related field a plus Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
