Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 267 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies. The Credit Risk Analytics team requires a Senior Data Scientist to deliver compelling analytic insights to the leadership of PayPal Credit. The day to day job involves helping inform leadership with data-driven decisions based on analysis of huge data sets in a complex, fast-paced, dynamic environment. Ideal candidates are problem solvers with experience in decision science roles, equipped with strong analytical skills suited to approach varied challenges in complex big data environments. As an Analytics professional, you will be required to drive projects and solutions from start to finish. Having a strong sense of accountability coupled with a passion for delivering crisp data insights and the ability to tell stories through data are essential. Specific Responsibilities Develop data-driven decisions and insights to support our Credit business, monitor the performance of our Credit products, and adjust priorities according to the dynamic world we operate in. Analyze large volumes of internal and external data using common data science tools (SAS, SQL, R, Python, etc.) to deliver unique insights into relationships across a wide array of products, platforms, customers, merchants, and experiences. Develop connections between business problems throughout the Credit Risk domain and deliver analytic solutions to meet the most pressing demands Communicate complicated analytic results in brief, concise, and brilliant formats best suited to senior audiences Document, improve, and automate existing PayPal Credit reporting processes to reduce the burden of internal and external reporting requirements on all members of the PayPal Credit team Manage and improve the process of data collection, ingestion, manipulation, and display for risk related reporting processes Collaborate with all aspects of the PayPal Credit business including a broad range of partners to plan and deliver fully developed solutions for Risk analytics and reporting Lead the planning, development, and delivery of analytic and reporting projects from start to finish; includes all stages of project identification, stakeholder engagement, project management, and closeout Interact regularly with analytic professional communities (INFORMS, CFA Institute etc.) and educational resources to maintain an understanding of the best practices industry-wide Functional Skills & Behaviors Solid technical / data-mining skills and ability to work with large volumes of data; extract and manipulate large datasets using common tools such as SQL, SAS, Hadoop, or other programming/scripting languages (Python, Perl, R, etc.) to translate data into business decisions/results Be data-driven and outcome-focused Must have good business judgment with demonstrated ability to think creatively and strategically Must be an intuitive, organized analytical thinker, with the ability to perform detailed analysis Takes personal ownership; Self-starter; Ability to drive projects with minimal guidance and focus on high impact work Learns continuously; Seeks out knowledge, ideas and feedback. Looks for opportunities to build owns skills, knowledge and expertise. Comfortable with ambiguity and frequent context-switching in a fast-paced environment Qualifications Candidate must have proven experience in the ideation, research, discovery, development, implementation, and ongoing monitoring of quantitative solutions for consumer credit or small business credit. Candidate must have 3+ years of experience in a consumer credit or small business credit -related position, or 3+ years’ experience in performing data management and analytics in the payments or in the e-commerce space Well-formed foundation of education and work experience in Data Science and Risk Analysis, preferably in applied data science, statistics, mathematics, or computer science Familiarity with data engineering, data management, data modelling, standard ETL techniques including extract, de-duping, cleansing, integration, and aggregation Proven experience using common data science tools like R and Python to rapidly solve business problems, preferably with respect to a credit/lending risk organization Strong UNIX background; working knowledge of Hadoop, Map-Reduce, Hive, Pig Demonstrated ability to influence critical business outcomes in a matrix based, global environment Experience with dashboard reporting & data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, QlikView/Qlik Sense, MS Power BI) Excellent verbal and written communication and collaboration skills to effectively communicate with both business and technical development teams At a minimum, candidate must have a bachelor’s degrees in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, data science, computer science, engineering, operations research, or mathematics); preferably an advance degree. We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom. PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. R0037581
