We seek a Senior Data Scientist to join our client, a leading data analytics provider in California. Senior Data Scientists combine their multidisciplinary skillset to provide quantifiable data that guides the development of new business solutions, products and services. Our client is an e-commerce data provider that uses cutting edge technology to provide analytical marketing data that targets the correct audience for their clients’ brands, markets and products. Using that data, they guide marketing strategy to drive ad performance and audience placement ensuring that marketing dollars are well spent. They maintain a relatively small team of top professionals that bring value and culture fit and provide a fantastic work environment with the perks and benefits that make working there a pleasure. They encourage community involvement and maintaining a rich personal life so that each team member achieves work / life balance. Their dynamic and fun environment is a great place to work and realize your potential today! The ideal candidate offers a wide range of coding capabilities that reach beyond common stack environments as well as a Masters+ in statistics, social sciences or computational biology. They have dynamic personality which works well with all personality types and thrive for challenges to design the next “best” product. About the Position: Build analytic frameworks that translate business challenges into quantifiable data Apply data operations and machine learning methods to large data sets Research and design analytic solutions Prototype scalable solutions to determine efficacy Design tools to evaluate, monitor and optimize data Build prototypes quickly to determine and demonstrate value Improve prototypes based on audience and testing feedback Use Python, Java, C++ and similar to build tools for customers Use Linux, shell tools, scripting Design 'big data' systems that are scalable linearly Scope, plan, design, implement and test new products Use best practice engineering standards Execute product requests Produce functional specifications, feasibility assessments, time estimates and value assessments Design solutions with scalability, availability, reliability, stability, security and performance in mind This list is not inclusive of all duties associated with this role. Job Requirements About The Candidate: MS degree + in statistics, operations, computer science, engineering, social sciences or similar (MUST) 3+ years’ experience as a statistician, computational biologist, data scientist or similar (MUST) 3+ years’ experience in linear or stochastic models, multivariate analysis, sampling methods (MUST) 2+ years’ experience in machine learning, data mining & statistical methods for complex data sets (MUST) 2+ years’ experience in full modeling life cycle: data exploration, models, evaluation (MUST) 2+ years’ experience using big data tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc. (MUST) 3+ years’ experience using Python, R, Scala, Java, C, C++ or similar (MUST) 2+ years’ experience using Linux including shell tools and scripting (MUST) Personality, Characteristics and Skills: strong work ethic, collaborative, positive outlook, reliable, excellent written and verbal communication, self-motivated, organized, detail oriented, analytical, problem-solver, leader, curious Additional Information Benefits: competitive pay, 401(k), highly subsidized insurance plans, continued education and training, ten days PTO annually, free lunch/drinks/snacks every day, wellness rewards, flexible time off, employee recognition programs, opportunities for community outreach. Equal Opportunity Employer considering qualified candidates in accordance with state and federal laws, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. Apply Now:
