Job Title: Data Scientist   City: Lake Forest / State: Illinois                                                    Job Description Join Reynolds Consumer Products…a world of opportunities! At Reynolds Consumer Products we are passionate about achieving results and have fun winning as a team!  We provide amazing job opportunities for growth with competitive salaries and benefits in an exciting, dynamic, fast-paced, and fun workplace environment. Are you looking to build a strong career? Then we have an opportunity for you! We currently have an opportunity for a Data Scientist located at our headquarters in Lake Forest, IL. Your Role: As a Data Scientist, you will report to the Sr. Global Analytics Manager and will recognize the possibilities of how the data can affect the organization when making decisions. You will be responsible for data engineering. You will have the opportunity to: Develop, construct, test and maintain architectures such as databases  Leverage tools to collect, amalgamate, and compare to internal data Create custom software components Advance your skills and express your ideas As a member of this new team, you will have a strong say in the direction and design of the data systems. Ultimately, you will help us to push the envelope and show the world the power of applied analytics! You will love it here if… You thrive in a fast paced, test-driven, interactive environment You are self-motivated and a team player  You are intellectually curious and love to solve problems You have a passion for the value and capability of data and information   We need you to have: A BS Degree in operations research, applied statistics, engineering, data mining, machine learning, physics or a related quantitative discipline. 1+ years of experience solving complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches with a unique blend of analytical, mathematical and technical skills. High proficiency in Microsoft Office, including Excel High proficiency using import/export data services such as Import Genius, Piers, Panjiva, or equivalent. High proficiency in the use of statistical analysis environments such as R, MATLAB, SPSS or SAS. Experience with relational databases as you are with Hadoop-based data mining frameworks. Experience with SQL, Python, Java and C/C++.   Icing on the cake: 1+ years of data mining and analysis experience 1+ years of experience in programming with data analysis software Masters or other advanced degree   Want to know more? Check out our website or connect with us on LinkedIn! Apply today to join a fast-growing innovative company! Not a good fit but know someone who is? Please refer them Local candidates only, no relocation assistance available For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]. No recruiter calls or emails please.     Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer EEO AA M/F/Vet/Disability. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, protected veteran status or disability. Reynolds Consumer Products is an Equal Opportunity Employer that complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is The Law Poster: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf The Pay Transparency Policy Statement can be found on this link:  http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/PayTransparencyNondiscrimination.html The poster and the supplement can be found on this link. http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm For applicants or employees who are disabled, or require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process, you may request assistance by calling us at (847)482-3550 or email [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]. No recruiter calls or emails please.
