About Us 

We're an exciting and fast growing business analytics company powered by bleeding-edge technology. We use Predictive Analytics and AI to provide our clients with intelligent suggestions and insights.

 About The Opportunity 

This is an exciting opportunity to join our team as a full-time, direct hire employee working out of our Hattontown, VA office.

You'll be in a client-facing Data Scientist role. You'll work directly with customers to deliver technical proposals and POC's. You'll coordinate requirements for reporting and facilitate the definitions of project scope, goals, and deliverables for our development team.

You'll support the sales cycle and lead delivery on in-depth product demos and presentations to prospects and clients.

 What You Need 

We'd love it if you have more than 4 years of experience in a technical sales engineering role, while selling BI or PA solutions. 

Experience with big data and Client or AI technologies would be great!

 Compensation, Perks, and Benefits 

You'll be very well compensated for your work here! We offer a strong base salary and bonuses, total 1st year compensation is north of $155,000 per year. 

We offer our employees excellent healthcare, dental, and vision insurance. Along with a variety of other perks including: generous PTO and holidays off, rich retirement plans, and healthy work-life balance. We want to come to work each day ready to tackle any challenges!

 Connect and Engage With Us on Social Media 

LinkedIn:   https://www.linkedin.com/company/craftrecruiting/  
Instragram:   https://www.instagram.com/craftrecruiting/  
Twitter:  https://twitter.com/craftrecruiting  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Hattontown, DC 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         18 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-00046
