Job SummaryThe Sr Analyst, Data Scientist uses specialized knowledge, skills, training and/or certification to explore, interpret and explain data to stakeholders of all levels. The Data Scientist will work in tandem with cross functional teams within the department to understand business needs, formulate solutions and thoroughly document processes. They will use statistical techniques to interpret risk and/or develop solutions for business consumption. Leads projects of moderate scope and complexity and serves as a technical advisor to various processes. Works with stakeholders regarding ad-hoc reporting. Resolves or recommends solutions to complex problems. The ideal candidate should have a solid understanding and extensive hands-on experience developing machine learning solutions. The candidate must have experience with analytical toolsets understanding how to extract and interpret complex data sets to inform business decisions. The candidate must have experience using analytical toolsets in creating proof of concept to production delivery solutions Essential Job Functions Partner with Leadership to capture/document required risk coverage needed Assume ownership, and create and maintain tuning of all existing models and detection scenarios Document model development and model results and socialize with various stakeholders Present results in simple comprehensive way to non-technical audience as well as write formal documentations using statistical vocabulary Collaborate with IT to deploy  and update enhancements to models Conduct periodic review of models and optimize as required Respond to regulatory inquiries Document best practices, configuration recommendations, usage design/patterns to model developer community Education/CertificationsAdvanced Degree in Economics, Econometrics, Statistics or in a Quantitative Field such as Physics , Math or Engineering Work Experience Experience with Actimize based models a plus. 6 to 10 years of Financial Services experience ( retail banking, small business banking, commercial, institutional, private banking) 3+ years of Risk Management, Trade Surveillance, Cyber or Fraud 2+ years of AML monitoring systems or transaction monitoring experience  5 + Experience with reporting and analytic tools such as Datameer, Arcadia Data, Tableau, R, Anaconda, Python, TensorFlow, Keras, MxNet, MicroStrategy, SAS, Alpine Data Labs, H2O, RStudio, Jupyter, etc.  3 + years working in creating machine learning, data mining, data visualization, data munging, and statistical models for Big Data problems.  Experience with terabyte or larger size poly-structured data sets.  Experience with statistical analysis software, such as Weka, R, Rapid-Miner, Matlab, SAS, SPSS.  Expertise with a mix of depth and breadth across analytical techniques such as time series analysis, regression analysis and machine learning, deep learning, graph analytics, NLP. Experience in web analytics or behavioral targeting.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge of regulatory requirements required  High level analytical research and investigative skill set  Strong analytical skills and experience with analytical and data visualization tools  Ability to identify gaps and/or risk exposure in programs.  Strong analytical, problem solving and organizational skills.  Strong written/verbal communication skills required.  Strong investigative/analytical/problem resolution skills required.  Able to interact with stakeholders in cross-functional teams.  Good team player interested in sharing knowledge and cross-training other team members and shows interest in learning new technologies and products.  Ability to create documents of quality. Ability to work in a structured environment and follow procedures, processes and policies Alliance Data card services business Alliance Data’s card services business develops market-leading private label, co-brand, and business credit card programs for many of the world's most recognizable brands. Through our branded credit programs, we help build more profitable relationships between our partners and their cardmembers, and drive lasting loyalty. We uphold our Know more. Sell more.® promise by leveraging unmatched customer insights, advanced analytics, and broad-reaching innovative capabilities. It's how we deliver increased sales to our partners, build enduring loyalty to their brands, and provide more value to our cardmembers. Alliance Data offers a competitive salary, a comprehensive selection of benefit options including 401(k). All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of credit and background checks. Alliance Data is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Alliance Data will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process. Any applicant offered employment will be required to establish that they are legally authorized to work in the United States for Alliance Data. Alliance Data participates in E-Verify. Alliance Data will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal and credit histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. To learn more, visit www.KnowMoreSellMore.com/careers #cb #indprof 
