Data Scientist If you are an experienced Data Scientist looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some over the nation’s biggest companies. Our client has a need for a Data Scientist. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with ours client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you!                                                                                                                                       Data Scientist Job Responsibilities Your specific duties as a Data Scientist will include:  Data scientist position within the corporate research and development group of a large industrial company. Develop and apply cutting-edge machine learning, data analytics, AI and optimization algorithms to create new intelligent devices, solutions and services for industrial applications Develop and deploy data analytics solutions on big data and cloud platforms. Evaluate and analyze new tools and recommend data strategy changes as needed Data engineering - assist in designing and implementing efficient and robust ETL workflows. Manager interested in staffing the position for 18-24 months. Data Scientist Job Requirements As a Data Scientist you must represent our company well by being responsible, punctual and motivated to go above and beyond the call of duty. You must also be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is also important that display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills. Master’s degree (PhD degree preferred) in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, or Computer Science from an accredited institution. Foundational understanding of advanced machine learning and data analytics techniques such as deep learning, boosting, random forests, SVMs with strong mathematical understanding of the algorithms. Ability to prototype data analytics algorithms and apply them to create solutions to problems in a variety of domains such as prognostics, asset health management, predictive modeling, forecasting and adaptive systems. Software development skills in one or more high level languages and/or common machine learning programming tools (e.g. Matlab/Python/R/Weka). Experience developing and deploying data analytics solutions on big data and cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Oracle, Hadoop, Spark highly desired Some industrial experience in building production grade, end-to-end machine learning and data analytics enabled solutions from concept to implementation is highly desired. Some electrical power system domain knowledge with experience in applying machine learning technologies very desirable         Data Scientist As a Data Scientist with Bartech, you will be working through an established and respected staffing organization with 40 years of serving as a trusted partner to our client companies. We are dedicated to providing our talent with personal, responsive attention, and will assign an employee care representative to answer any questions or concerns that you might have. Depending upon the client, the assignment and your performance, you can find potential opportunities for direct employment. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensate on, including benefits. Available benefits for Data Scientist Position may include (but are not limited to): Exceptional medical, dental, and vision 401(k)         Paid time off, including holidays                                                    Make the most of your experience! Apply now! Applicant must be eligible to work in the US for immediate opening. Keywords: machine learning, data analytics, AI, algorithms, big data and cloud platforms  
