Data Scientist - On behalf of our client in the Oil and Gas sector, Procom Services is looking for a Data Scientist for a Direct Hire position in Houston TX.  The successful candidate will have more than (5) five years of experience working with product development teams architecting highly scalable distributed systems, using different open source tools. Data Scientist Job Details Bring deep functional expertise to shape data structures and algorithms in a distinctive way to ensure large-scale business impact of the digital products being built and drive competitive advantage for the company. Collaborate with Data Head and developers to find opportunities to use company data to drive business solutions. Mine and analyze data from company systems. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes. Partner with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Conduct data wrangling, munging, exploration, sampling, training data generation, feature engineering, model building, and performance evaluation). Enable big data and batch/real-time analytical solutions that use emerging technologies. Code, test, and document new or modified data systems to create robust and scalable applications for data analytics. Ensure all automated processes preserve data by leading the alignment of data availability and integration processes Data Scientist Must Have Skills Experience in data science and in senior engineering and technology roles. 5+ years working with product development teams, delivering and building digital products. Bring a high-energy and passionate outlook to the job and can influence those around them. Deep understanding of high performance algorithms and Python statistical software. Experience with lamda architectures and batch and real-time data streams. Experience in industry data science (e.g., machine learning, predictive maintenance) preferred. Experience architecting highly scalable distributed systems, using different open source tools. Experienced with agile or other rapid development methods. Experienced in object oriented design, coding and testing patterns as well as experience in engineering software platforms and large-scale data Deep knowledge of data modeling and understanding of different data structures You hold a Master’s in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related quantitative discipline Data Scientist Start Date/Location April 2019 Houston, TX Data Scientist Assignment Length Full Time / Direct Hire
