Data Scientist, Contract, Dallas, TX 

DATA SCIENTIST, CONTRACT, Dallas, TX 

This position is NOT eligible for subcontractors or those that require sponsorship.

Our client, a leading company in DFW, is looking for a Data Scientist to join their Chief Data Office. In this role, You will be part of a rapid insights delivery team with data scientists and developers in the Chief Data Office working together to deliver models and insights to business partners. You will design model datasets and apply analytic techniques that generate meaningful insights to inform the business how and where we can improve our revenue and cost structure. You will leverage existing features, propose new features for the backlog and provide feedback to the team on what works and what can be improved in the feature space. You will work with business partners to understand their needs and elicit the types of exploration, features and responses that will help them. You will take already identified model-to-insights opportunities from the backlog and implement them. We need reliable and reproduceable data science to drive the right changes to control costs and grow revenue, so your expertise in designing model datasets suitable for inference and your careful, methodical approach to insights are key.

Data Scientist Skills & Requirements:
 
Excellent visual, written and verbal communications skills 
Excellent teamwork and collaboration skills 
Proficient with SQL and Hive for data manipulation and extraction 
Proficient with H2O.ai for rapid model and insights development, or experience with Blueprism, Automation Anywhere, or Python  
Experience working within Hadoop ecosystem  
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent 
2+ years experience as data scientist or similar analytics professional role  

Why Hays?

You will be working with a professional recruiter who has intimate knowledge of the Information Technology industry and market trends . Your Hays recruiter will lead you through a thorough screening process in order to understand your skills, experience, needs, and drivers. You will also get support on resume writing, interview tips, and career planning, so when there's a position you really want, you're fully prepared to get it. Additionally, if the position is a consulting role, Hays offers you the opportunity to enroll in full medical, dental or vision benefits.

* Medical 
* Dental 
* Vision 
* 401K 
* Life Insurance ($20,000 benefit)
* ATOP - Accrued time off program
* Consultant lunches and outings 
* Care packages/Survival packs
* Dedicated Consulting Services Representative

Nervous about an upcoming interview? Unsure how to write a new resume?

Visit the Hays Career Advice section to learn top tips to help you stand out from the crowd when job hunting. 

Hays is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Drug testing may be required; please contact a recruiter for more information.

 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Dallas, TX 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1094456_1555239610
