Job Number: R0046846 Business Intelligence Developer and Data Scientist, Mid Key Role: Work as a data visualization developer and data analyst and maintain responsibility for creating enterprise-wide BI solutions. Analyze large data sets and develop automated analytics to assist decision-makers with making sense of data. Develop machine learning, data mining, statistical, and graph-based algorithms to analyze massive data sets. Analyze the actual and predictable interacting operational activities of a military, governmental, or business system to obtain a quantitative, rational basis for decision-making or resource allocation. Leverage modeling and measuring techniques, mathematics, statistical methods, engineering methods, operational mathematical techniques, and other principles and laws of scientific and economic disciplines in determining solutions and developing scripts that extract information from a variety of data formats, including SQL tables, structured metadata, and unstructured data. Produce data visualizations that provide insight into data set structure and meaning. Develop and implement statistical, machine-learning, and heuristic techniques to create descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics. This position is located in San Antonio, TX. Basic Qualifications: -3+ years of experience with the data science or analytical field in a professional work or academic environment -Experience with using visualization software, Tableau, and Tableau Server -Experience with database technology, including Microsoft SQL -Experience with delivering database solutions in direct support of BI and analytics requirements -Ability to support application, BI, and analytics efforts requiring data and database expertise with minimal supervision -Ability to obtain a security clearance -BA or BS degree Additional Qualifications: -Experience in programming with data analysis software, including Python or R in a professional work environment -Experience with deep learning -Experience with applying machine learning at scale using recommended systems, NLP, or time series prediction -Experience with the Air Force -Ability to develop statistical tests to make data-driven recommendations and decisions -MS degree in Engineering, Finance, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, CS, or a related field Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or veteran status—to fearlessly drive change.
