Job Number: R0044737 Data Scientist, Senior The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the intelligence community. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, apply knowledge and expertise in probability, statistics, Bayesian analysis, and various statistical methods, use Bayesian methods on complex problem sets to characterize uncertainty by using statistical methods, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help a data scientist with a mathematics focus to leverage knowledge of probability and statistics to help the client to make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the intelligence space. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -Expertise with machine learning algorithms, Bayesian models, Markov models, or stochastic processes -Experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms -Experience with Microsoft Office, including Excel for data manipulation -Experience with quantitative and qualitative analyses -Knowledge of the operations research field and statistical methods -TS/SCI clearance -BA or BS degree Nice If You Have: -Experience with using ArcGIS or other commercial GIS programs for spatial analysis -Experience with developing applications using API functionality -Experience with designing and developing automated analytic software, techniques, and algorithms -Knowledge of the GEOINT TCPED process -Knowledge of optimization techniques, including linear programming and tools commonly associated with these techniques MS degree in CS, Physics, Statistics, or Mathematics Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
