Job ID: VID005231 About Us WHY VIDEOJET We invite you to Imprint the WORLDTM on an exciting journey of continuous improvement! Every day, 4,000+ associates in over 38 countries work together to achieve amazing results as One Videojet. From freshness dating to track and trace coding, Videojet technologies help ensure products sold across the globe are authentic and safe for consumers to use in the food, beverage, pharmaceutical and industrial marketplaces. As a global leader in the marking and coding industry, our continued growth brings an opportunity for you to chart the course and drive your own career success. As a Videojet associate you will: • ENGAGE in bringing consumer brands to market globally.   • DRIVE results with the Danaher Business System (DBS). • REALIZE your potential! Description  Position Purpose:  Videojet Technologies Inc. is looking for a Data Scientist who is passionate about data and focused on analyzing and presenting actionable results based on machine and business data.  This position will be responsible for analyzing data collected from a wide variety of sources and produce viable insights to improve operations or develop new products and services.  This position will also support the design and development for handling of data, including databases, data warehouses and other storage resources.   Responsibilities Include:  • Work with commercial teams to identify ways to use analytics to differentiate product, supplies and service offerings. • Provide technical support and guidance to Videojet team projects to develop processes that allow them to present larger amounts of data in a meaningful way. • Use sensor and event data from our printers to create predictive models for unplanned downtime avoidance • Implement predictive algorithms useful to Videojet’s Supplies, Parts, and Services organizations • Develop in-depth understanding of Videojet’s products and business processes to offer insight useful for feature engineering • Work with engineering groups to push down a subset of predictive algorithms directly to printers • Work with IT groups to implement predictive models into business systems for use by tech support, customer care, etc • Work with engineering groups to define optimal machine, user interaction and algorithmic data to be collected in order to provide maximal predictive power • Work with engineering groups to mine the aggregate data in support of product escalations • Provide technical support and guidance to Videojet team projects to develop processes that allow them to present larger amounts of data in a meaningful way. • Develop understanding of Videojet business strategies and customer buying patterns to offer analytics solutions that drive incremental growth. • Communicate with customers, suppliers, professional organizations, or others to stay abreast of technology, industry and business trends. • Perform other duties as assigned
