DESCRIPTION Amazon Advertising exists at the intersection of marketing and eCommerce and offers advertisers a rich array of innovative advertising solutions across Amazon owned properties as well as third party properties Amazon operates. We believe that advertising, when done well, can greatly enhance the value of the customer experience and generate a positive return on investment for our advertising partners. We are looking for a motivated, analytical, self-starter to join our Shopper Marketing team and help pave the path for the next generation of insights and advertising products. The Shopper Marketing team is part of the Analytics and Insights team (A&I) within the Amazon Advertising Organization, one of Amazon's fastest growing businesses. The A&I team is chartered with developing and delivering insights derived from Amazon (and third party) data to empower advertisers to reach their business objectives. You will take consumer insights, advertising effectiveness knowledge and business information needs of our advertising clients to envision new advertising products and tools. You will facilitate innovation on behalf of our customers through prototyping and delivering fully functional proof of concepts (POCs). You will partner with our engineering and platform teams to develop and scale successful POCs. In particular, you will be part of a team working on an innovative POC designed to improve the performance of our advertisers’ creative ads. In your role, you will be actively contributing to improve the current design, development and scaling of this project. This role requires strong hands-on skills in terms of effectively working with data and coding. However, the ideal candidate will also bring strong interpersonal and communication skills as the incumbent is expected to engage with account teams and potentially advertisers, in order to validate the need and impact of prototypes, as well as to generally stay connected with them. This is a truly exciting and versatile position in that it allows you to apply and develop your hands-on data modelling and coding skills, to directly engage with stakeholders at major brands while at the same time offering opportunities to work with engineering teams to scale successful innovations. Specific Responsibilities • Contribute to the improvement and timely delivery of the creative effectiveness POC currently being developed • Create new analytical products from conception to prototyping. Scale the product through to production • Leverage Amazon's data to conduct research on consumer behavior (in the context of media planning). Make findings available via publishing learning white papers • Represent the 'voice of the customer', identify repeatable solutions that can be built to scale to serve more advertisers. Act as a liaison to product teams to help productize these solutions • Work closely with the Engineering team BASIC QUALIFICATIONS • Master in Statistics, Engineering, Math, Economics, Computer Science or other technical fields • 6+ years of experience in data mining and statistical analyses, preferably in a marketing context • Track record of projects spanning several scientific areas, achieved through a strong interdisciplinary and curious aptitude • Knowledge and hands-on experiences in computer vision and image processing • Advanced Computer literacy. Hands-on experience in Python, R and ETL • Experience in natural language processing (NLP) • Track record of successful implementations/research in the field of Statistics / Econometrics • Strong English oral and written communication skills are critical • Strong problem solving ability, task prioritization and ownership • Experience using big data technologies (Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Spark, EMR, etc.) • Track record of successful research in Machine Learning PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS • PhD in Statistics, Engineering, Math, Economics, Computer Science or other technical fields • Experience working with AWS big data technologies (EMR, Redshift, S3) • Experience with programming languages like Scala, Java, or Unix shell scripts • Strong client-facing experience • Experience partnering with sales and/or engineering team Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation
