Location: 100 Amica Way, Lincoln, RI 02865 Are you looking for a job in a growing industry with new products, new markets and new technology? Our office located in Lincoln, RI is seeking a Data Scientist (Modeling Research Analyst) to help further our data science and analytics capabilities. The Claims Business Intelligence team’s mission is to provide current, comprehensive, and accurate information empowering Amica to make the best business decisions possible. The 37.5 hour schedule is Monday through Friday and is not a remote position. The selected candidate will combine insightful data analysis and algorithm development with exceptional communication skills in order to drive business value from structured and unstructured data. This position will be responsible for shaping and executing analyses, and preparing clear and concise presentations. Outstanding knowledge of statistics, curiosity, and creativity required. Job Functions and Responsibilities: • Understanding business objectives, defining modeling goals, evaluating analytical approaches, and creating predictive models from structured and unstructured data. • Contributing to the development of data models for mining production databases. • Gathering and transforming raw data to meet modeling requirements. • Ensuring accuracy of results and validating models. • Identifying emerging trends, providing insights through compelling stories, and recommending analytic projects to leaders in order to drive business opportunities • Using artificial intelligence and machine learning to develop processes automation. • Communicating and documenting complex statistical analyses and methods in a logical and understandable manner for non-technical stakeholders • Participating in development of the analytics roadmap by evaluating and incorporating emerging standards, best practices, and new technologies • Making recommendations on products and services to support structured and unstructured data mining • Demonstrating strong business acumen and understanding of insurance concepts. • Providing technical leadership, mentoring, and training to staff in statistical modeling and data analyses. • Assisting with supervision of all processes involved with the development of multivariate models. Job Requirements: • Degree in data science, statistics, applied mathematics or similar discipline. (PhD degree or Master's degree with equivalent experience required) • 3+ years recent, hands-on experience in machine learning and using analytical programming languages like SAS, R, and Python • Excellent understanding of statistics, multi-variable calculus, and linear algebra. • Demonstrated knowledge when to apply predictive modeling techniques such as logistic regression, time series, neural networks, forecasting, optimization, etc. • Experience in text and sentiment analysis • Experience manipulating large amounts of data using structured query language (SQL). • Superior analytical, mathematical, and problem solving abilities • Excellent communication and presentation skills • Ability to be productive when working independently or collaboratively • Ability to effectively manage time to handle competing high priority projects • Knowledge of insurance or related field is a plus, but not required Equal Opportunity Policy: All qualified applicants who are authorized to work in the United States will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, sex, color, national origin, ethnicity, age, genetic information, disability or sexual orientation. The Age Discrimination in Employment Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of age with respect to individuals who are 40 years of age or older. Employees are subject to the provisions of the Workers' Compensation Act. •cb* #GD2 IND15
