Position Summary: The Lead, Shipboard Revenue and Hotel Performance is responsible for leading the development for all decision support tools/models used by onboard revenue and hotel operations, for presenting those tools to senior leadership, and for executing them efficiently.  In addition to developing future models, the Lead is responsible for maintaining and enhancing the suite of current tools and reports used to manage onboard revenue and guests satisfaction. This employee will also perform regular statistical analysis and present results to senior leadership in a business format to assist in decision making and analysis . Essential Duties & Responsibilities: Develop and maintain demand forecasting model (time series, regression, segmentation models etc.)  Use non-linear regression models to develop price elasticity models Knowledge of linear and integer optimizations, and is able to integrate demand forecasting and price elasticity to develop revenue optimization models Manage the relationship with other analytical teams in the company and IT to design, and implement analytical projects Project management experience to identify business needs, translate business needs into technical requirements, and implement analytical models to meet project deadlines.  Perform algorithmic modeling for Royal Caribbean International revenue optimization while working with onboard operational teams to understand and quantify effects of pricing/policy changes. Integrate with external data sources to discover interesting trends. Design rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to internal and external teams. Design and manage data QA and validation using automation and best practices. Collaborate directly with teams/individuals across the company to facilitate the design, research, development, and delivery of data statistics, models and client deliverables. Take ownership of the various components of Data Science Life cycle: Data Wrangling, Feature Engineering, Data Visualization (discovery), Model Generation, Implementation and Maintenance. Continuously get better - seek out opportunities to further develop our analytical, engineering, statistical, etc. toolkit Respond to ad-hoc data and analysis needs while supporting various projects. Conduct analyses of business data, evaluate trends and pattern changes, and learn to disperse results in a format appropriate for the audience.  
