Amyx, Inc. is seeking to hire a Data Scientist, to be located at Richmond, VA. The Data Scientist will provide  expert support to run analysis and analytical experiments in a methodical manner, using both structured and unstructured data. Evaluate alternate models via theoretical approaches. Identify and exploit data assets, creating new patterns/business value. Create analyses and models to improve customer and operational Key Process Indicators (KPIs), enhancing measurable value for the Agency and its customers. Build predictive models, developing advanced algorithms that extract and classify information from large datasets. Analyze data, developing robust statistical and predictive algorithms/models that drive the product outputs. Identify meaningful patterns and trends, exposing new business opportunities, and translate results into understandable and actionable output that answer real business questions. Responsibilities The Data Sientist's primary job responsibilities will include:  Data Analytics IT Benchmarking Research Evaluate emerging data and analytics technologies Supported Technologies: UNIX Windows Modeling tools Remedy Data Analytics tools  Desired Skills and Qualifications: DLA Experience DOD Agency Experience Qualifications Five (5) years’ relevant and practical experience with SAS, R, Python, Keras, TensorFlow, data processing, data analytics, data science, data mining, predictive analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Must possess a DOD Secret Security Clearance at time of proposal submission. Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field Revelant certifications meeting IAT - Level II--i.e Security + CE Amyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer. Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Physical Demands Employee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.
