Overview The Civil and San Diego (CSD) unit is responsible for a broad range analytical, engineering, independent assessments, strategic planning, and technology research, development, testing, and evaluation (RDT&E) programs in support of new SPA markets.    This position is located in Alexandria, VA. Responsibilities The Data Scientist will provide advanced analytical support to the Departments of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Department of Energy by applying rational, systematic, science-based techniques, and critical thinking to help inform and improve decision-making.   These decisions span the range of preparation, response and recovery to manmade and natural disasters and impacts on the Nation’s critical infrastructure to defense and industrial base resiliency planning.  Successful applicants will be expected to apply principles of mathematics and statistics, computer science, software development, and the latest technologies to design and implement an analytical infrastructure and tools, workflow processes, and complex data visualizations. Additionally, they will contribute to the development of capabilities such as text analytic engines for automated document review and metadata discovery dashboards. Job duties/responsibilities: Design and execute analytical methodologies leveraging modern tools accented with personal innovation Develop data standards and frameworks to collect, integrate and link, and manage data Implement data exploration techniques, analytical methods, operations research, and modeling and simulation tools to support program execution Run, develop, and document models and analytic methods Create software code to extract and transform data for use in analysis Develop automated analytic algorithms to assist with data management Develop plans of action and timetables in order to meet established deadlines Qualifications Bachelors’ Degree in Mathematics, Operations Research, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline. 5+ years of related experience, preferably in national security related programs. 3+ years’ experience with data analytics (e.g., descriptive statistics, predictive modeling, data visualization), this can include significant academic projects. Experience with one or more scripting or high-level programming languages such as Python or R Experience with designing and developing analytic techniques and algorithms. Proficient in developing and querying relational and/or graph databases. Proven ability to prioritize and execute workload to meet requirements and deadlines. Experience developing compelling written and visual communications that are clear, concise, and suited to the audience. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (e.g., Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint). Possess an active SECRET clearance with the ability to obtain TS Desired Qualifications: Master’s Degree Experience providing analytical support to the Department of Homeland Security Experience providing analytical support to the Department of Energy Experience with discrete system simulation software such as Arena or ExtendSim Experience with ArcGIS Active TS clearance Active DOE Q clearance DHS Suitability
