The Manager / Data Scientist works with management and business partners to support the development and implementation of advanced analytical solutions to personalize & optimize products and portfolios across line of business namely: Mortgages, Credit cards, Deposits, Home Equity & Business Banking.  We are looking for a strategic thinker with the ability to dissect business problems, conduct research and advanced statistical analysis to identify trends, variations, patterns, and insights relating to business & customers, and build end-to-end analytical solutions to drive profitable growth for the business. This is an exciting opportunity that is on the forefront of a critical enterprise capability, providing thought leadership to U.S. Personal and Business Banking on the value of data and analytics.  The incumbent will get to work with and support multiple lines of business around the enterprise to help them achieve their objectives. So if you have a strong statistical modeling expertise, like to work in a start-up mode and have a long term orientation, join us to make meaningful difference in the lives of our customers, the community we serve in and the company. Key Accountabilities: Support Senior Management on analytical projects of varying sizes and complexities, including: Participate in business partner interviews, brainstorming sessions, and workshops to capture business objectives and prioritize opportunities Identify best analytical techniques that can be effectively applied to achieve business objectives and interpret next best action through data driven insights Building end to end automated analytic solutions that are intuitive, simple to maintain, and drive real business outcomes Responsible for the design, development, and implementation of innovative analytical solutions, including but not limited to: Data gathering and cleansing, statistical transformation, feature engineering & selection Apply analytical techniques such as linear/non-linear models, clustering, optimization & forecasting techniques like ARIMA etc. Build or leverage machine learning packages like Gradient Boosting, Random Forecasting, Pathing & Attribution, Link Analysis etc to determine Product Propensity & prioritization as well as Channel Preference & Attribution Conceptualize & build reports leveraging visualization tools like Tableau to effectively communicate data driven insights to users for a variety of audiences Knowledge Possesses a university degree in mathematics, statistics, behavioral economics, econometrics, engineering, computer science and/or physics, (Masters preferred) and/or 5 years of analytical experience in financial services, Marketing, E-Commerce, Advertising, Fraud, Digital and/or consulting Advanced skills in SQL or SAS a must, including relevant packages and statistical methodologies. Knowledge of Python, R, Spark or HiveQL will be preferred Deep understanding of statistical modeling techniques like Regression, Decision Trees, Segmentation & Classification, forecasting techniques like ARIMA, Exponential Smoothing etc. Knowledge of machine learning techniques like Gradient Boosting, Random Forest, SVM, Pathing & Attribution etc. a strong plus Experience in building and presenting data driven insights through business intelligence tools Skills Demonstrates solid communication skills (both written and verbal) and relationship management skills at a senior management level Shows strong knowledge of mathematical and statistical models in a highly technical context, with proven record of building solutions to complex problems Exhibits advanced critical thinking skills, integrative skills and creativity to drive innovation Demonstrates ability to build a good fact base, apply sound reasoning, and generate relevant recommendations that get implemented and lead to business success Able to work highly independently and manage multiple priorities in an agile fast paced environment Possesses solid leadership skills and is able to work successfully with a team that has diverse skills, knowledge, and educational backgrounds Demonstrates strong attention to detail and a high level of due diligence We’re here to help At BMO Harris Bank we have a shared purpose; we put the customer at the center of everything we do – helping people is in our DNA. For 200 years we have thought about the future—the future of our customers, our communities and our people. We help our customers and our communities by working together, innovating and pushing boundaries to bring them our very best every day. Together we’re changing the way people think about a bank. As a member of the BMO Harris Bank team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one – for yourself and our customers. We’ll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we’ll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset. To find out more visit us at https://bmoharriscareers.com. BMO Harris Bank is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace. By learning from each other’s differences, we gain strength through our people and our perspectives. BMO Harris Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer for all, inclusive of Minorities, Women, Veterans, and Persons with Disabilities.
