About TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank® TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 8 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at approximately 1,300 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. To learn more, visit www.tdbank.com. Find TD Bank on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TDBank and on Twitter at www.twitter.com/TDBank_US. TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is a member of TD Bank Group and a subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto, Canada, a top 10 financial services company in North America. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges under the ticker symbol "TD". To learn more, visit www.td.com. Provide technical leadership across the overall Analytics function which may have an enterprise mandate. Role generally provides deep technical knowledge and expertise in client interactions to explain complex data analysis related material. Customer Provide insight into leading analytic practices, designs and leads iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become core deliverables Work closely with business owners to identify opportunities and serve as an ambassador for data science l Design and deliver enterprise analytic solutions for customers Develop powerful business insights from social, marketing and industrial data using advanced machine learning techniques Work in a highly interactive, team-oriented environment with Big Data developers, engineers, modelers and Visualization experts Shareholder l Build complex statistical models that learn from and scale to petabytes of data Analytical thought leadership and stay current on developments in data mining and the application of data science Work independently as a senior lead and may manage and direct activities related to analysis, design and support of technical data management solutions on various projects ranging in complexity and size Employee/Team Act as a technical working lead/resource to others. Work closely with senior leadership on significant projects. l Provide thought leadership and/or industry knowledge for own area of expertise Support a positive work environment that promotes service to the business, quality, innovation, and teamwork; ensure timely communication of issues/ points of interest Identify opportunities, leverage data related solutions to drive business productivity, and implement measures to enhance effectiveness and operational efficiency Work effectively as a team, supporting other members of the team in achieving business objectives and providing client services l Participate in knowledge transfer within the team and business units Must be eligible for employment under regulatory standards applicable to the position. Hours:
