Do you thrive in a diverse environment where you have autonomy in applying creativity and critical analysis? Are you a natural leader, relentlessly curious and have a passion for making ideas come to life? Do you want to see your research get implemented in software that is used to solve critical problems, author patents, and catalyze new product innovations? If so, this could be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for. Responsibilities Create novel frameworks, algorithms, and technical approaches to achieve open-ended and broadly-defined project objectives for Department of Defense research customers. While customers and projects may change, the current focus is applying machine learning approaches to a government-owned and developed simulation system called the Joint Semi-Automatic Forces (JSAF). This system is used by the military for training and experimentation for battlefield operations. The goal of the project is to make the simulation system stronger and smarter by applying predictive models and machine learning techniques. Other responsibilities will include executing and analyzing quantitative experiments to characterize expected and actual algorithm performance Leading report and presentation deliverables for assigned projects for internal and customer audiences Author status reports, presentations, technical whitepapers, and peer-reviewed articles Interact with external partners and customers as required Contribute to business development efforts such as research proposals Implement and comply with company best practices for research Preferred Skills Experience working on simulation experiments based on battlefield operations Demonstrated evidence of ability to adapt to new technical domains and responsibilities Record of publication in peer-reviewed conferences, journals, or patents Experience with Department of Defense customers, on government or defense research contracts About Us Challenging engineering problems and a team that prides itself on innovation & best practices Competitive pay Flex time & flexible work environment, allowing remote work Company paid healthcare for employees and dependents Discretionary Vacation – flexible, no set allotments, we trust employees to take the time needed to recharge. Opportunity to make a significant impact immediately Highly accomplished, smart, driven co-workers Healthy supply of food/caffeine 401k match Our client is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. *This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; it does not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned. Job Type: Full-time Experience: Dept. of Defense or SBIR contract: 1 year (Preferred) Machine Learning: 2 years (Preferred) simulation systems: 2 years (Preferred) Java or Python programming: 2 years (Preferred) Education: Master's (Required) or PhD Work authorization: United States (Required) Send resume to: [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] Job Requirements Qualifications Must be able to work legally in the US without sponsorship Masters or PhD degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or related field preferred. Equivalent work experience will also be considered. Domain expertise in one or more of: deep learning, data mining, data fusion, machine learning, statistical analysis, natural language processing Proven ability to analyze research ideas, generate innovative research ideas, construct creative experiments and research methods, and design research prototypes Ability to implement algorithms in Java or Python Strong problem solving, writing, and verbal communication skills Demonstrated evidence of ability to perform job responsibilities listed above Ability to work collaboratively with other engineers, both on-site and remotely Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for a security clearance
