Our international finance client is looking for the best in Data Science Consultants and Employees! Expanding their team and starting some cutting edge projects. Both consulting and contract-to-hire open. See below for details. Top Required Skills: Strong knowledge of advanced statistical methods, Bayesian learning techniques, pattern recognition and outlier detection algorithms, as well as advanced topics such as decision trees, random forests, neural networks and other deep learning methods. Knowledge of one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools such as R, SAS, MATLAB, or Python (scikit-learn, Theano). Ability to mine datasets and develop models built on large volumes of information collected by Jackson.   Job Requirements (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities): Strong knowledge of advanced statistical methods, Bayesian learning techniques, pattern recognition and outlier detection algorithms, as well as advanced topics such as decision trees, random forests, neural networks and other deep learning methods. Strong communication skills to convey complex and technical information both orally and in writing. Strong interpersonal skills to interact effectively with Jackson senior leadership, co-workers, and the broader public and to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to achieve results against competing priorities. Ability to influence others through effective presentation of concepts and action plans. Understanding of business fundamentals. Knowledge of one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools such as R, SAS, MATLAB, or Python (scikit-learn, Theano). Familiarity with one or more script-based data visualization tools, such as ggplot, matplotlib, Shiny, or D3. Proficiency in computer processes and methods, and familiarity with languages such as C/C++, Java, C#, SQL, Perl, Python; familiarity with UNIX, shell scripting, distributed/parallel computing, a scripting language such as Python or Perl or similar; familiarity with regular expressions; familiarity with state-of-the-art database techniques. Ability to mine datasets and develop models built on large volumes of information collected by Jackson. Strong project management skills; ability to successfully manage multiple projects with aggressive deadlines.   Education and Experience: Master’s degree in statistics, math, computational or mathematical finance,  required. PhD preferred 5+ years of quantitative experience in an advanced analytics, financial engineering, data science, risk analytics or related role required. Experience in bringing predictive models and other analytics tools to production required. Strong background in machine learning, hypothesis testing, regression analysis, statistics, or probability, as well as experience creating predictive analytics on high dimensional, noisy data that may also contain missing values preferred. Experience working with large volumes of financial data composed of different instruments, coming from different sources, for back-testing models, algorithms, and strategies preferred. Experience in natural language processing, especially in text analytics and news aggregation methodologies preferred. Hands-on technical experience with conceptualizing large scale data solutions, such as --- Hadoop, Teradata, Sybase IQ, Microsoft Analytics Platform System (Client), IBM Netezza, etc. preferred. Report authoring/development experience using various tools like Tableau, Qlik, or Lumira preferred..   Reason for position: Growth 6 month contract.  Self-Relocation ok.  Phone and Skype video interview for offer.  Position is located in Nashville, TN. Opportunity to convert to in-house employee with relocation assistance to Lansing, Michigan. Competitive pay, interesting work, smart and friendly team and management.
