CALIBRE is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to lead a small data team driving advanced analytics initiatives used in the Army cost analysis and budgeting processes.  This Data Scientist will oversee the development, implementation, and execution of project plans, ensure scope and schedule are established for projects and assignments, and oversee the operating plan and resource allocation for the group, including prioritization and staff deployment. This is a hands-on technical role where you will be responsible for delivering end-to-end analytics, from understanding the business challenges to presenting insights to wide-ranging business and technical audiences. As a CALIBRE Data Scientist, you will have the opportunity to research and experiment with innovative new techniques in machine learning, statistics, and operations research.  The ideal candidate must be passionate about helping others solve problems, gain insights, and make decisions using data. Required Skills   Must have or be able to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret security clearance (U.S. Citizenship required) Must be a lifelong learner, willing to share and grow the knowledge of those around them Strong qualitative and quantitative analysis skills Ability to provide technical leadership and broad subject matter expertise on cutting-edge computational, quantitative, and algorithmic techniques applicable to data science Ability to lead and structure a highly technical team Mentors and manages other junior-level and senior-level data scientists Experience curating relationships and disseminating work between cross-functional teams of data scientists, data engineers and application developers Ability to oversee the entire lifecycle of projects, including: scoping, design, modeling, validation, deployment Experience building predictive and prescriptive models and simulations Experience with data cleaning, model testing, results presentation and documentation Advanced ability in one or more programming languages for data analysis such as R or Python Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or QLI Ability to evaluate open-source and vendor-based tools, applications, platforms, frameworks and programming languages Exceptional communications skills with ability to present to technical and business audiences, including executive-level customers    Required Experience BS/BA in related degree such as Data Analytics, Operations Research, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, etc.  MS preferred.  (Other education, commensurate experience and demonstrated ability of individual may be substituted) Minimum of 5 years professional work experience providing data analytics services. Preferred Experience using SQL for ETL and data integration tasks Experience in budgeting or cost-analysis Knowledge and understanding of the Army’s PPBE process Experience with Army Acquisition costing Experience with Army Logistics Experience with and understanding of Army enterprise data CAP, CDFM, CCEA, DAWIA or other relevant certification a plus. CALIBRE is an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports transitioning service members, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. To be considered, please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com. Come join our dynamic team!
