Job Number: R0044726 Data Scientist The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your skills to deliver critical data insights to the warfighter to support countering threat networks. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll construct robust data pipelines through the development and application of supervised and unsupervised machine learning approaches, develop neural networks, identify and apply the latest industry-leading approaches to tough data challenges, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help DoD elements at the tactical edge make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in countering threat networks. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: -          access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk -          a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition -          participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -3+ years of experience with high-level languages, including Java -2+ years of experience with distributed scalable Big Data storage, including Accumulo, Cloudbase, HBase, or Bigtable -Experience with MapReduce programming in Apache Hadoop and the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) and processing large data stores -Experience with a real-time, large-scale data processing engine, including Apache Spark -Experience with using Agile software development methods in a DevOps environment -Experience with developing solutions and integrating and extending free and Open-source software (FOSS) or COTS products -Ability to exhibit flexibility, initiative, and innovation when dealing with ambiguous and fast-paced situations -TS/SCI clearance  -BA or BS degree  Nice If You Have: -Experience in working with various intelligence disciplines, including GEOINT, HUMINT, MASINT, OSINT, and SIGINT and comprehending the data and tools associated with these disciplines -Experience with intelligence or operations analyses in the DoD or intelligence communities -Experience with deploying applications in a Cloud environment -Experience with designing and developing automated analytic software, techniques, and algorithms -Experience with open source software, including GeoWave and MapReduce Geo (MrGEO) -DoD 8570 Compliance Certification, including Security+ or CISSP Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
