U.S. Bancorp Community Development Corporation (USBCDC) is seeking an accomplished Data Scientist with database analysis and design experience to join its growing technology team. This individual will help advance USBCDC’s business intelligence (BI) capabilities and transform the way that the company analyzes, cleanses, transforms, reports and leverages its data. The Data Scientist will partner closely in an Agile, Scrum environment with a team of application developers, system administrators, quality assurance analysts, business analysts, data analysts and report writers who support a custom-built web application that serves as USBCDC’s primary system of record. Working with the team to unleash the power of the information that underpins that system – and powering data-driven decision making through the creation of robust data models and algorithms as well as reporting tools – will be the Data Scientist’s most important tasks. The Data Scientist also will: lead collaboration with USBCDC’s business lines to understand and define the company’s data needs; have strong experience in using a variety of data mining/analysis methods from various systems of record as it pertains to data warehousing; identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes; develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets to provide data-based insights, including running simulations; model data conceptually and logically and have experience using statistical computer languages (e.g. R, Python, SQL) to draw insights from large data sets; work closely with a data architect to define relationships in data; interpret and write business and functional requirements associated with the design, development, maintenance and integrity of the organization’s data repositories and reports; design and develop methods and tools for data validation to ensure quality and accuracy; provide consulting and guidance to other data analysts and report writers; advise on the build-out of a new data warehouse; and share knowledge associated with tools for data analysis across the company. The ability to develop a working knowledge of USBCDC’s tax equity and community lending business lines – and apply that knowledge to fundamentally change how the company utilizes its data – is essential to success in this position. The strongest applicants will be self-organizing, team-oriented, exhibit exemplary written and verbal communication skills, and be able to thrive as a founding member of USBCDC’s new data warehouse team. They also will exemplify U.S. Bank's ethical principles of uncompromising integrity, respect for others, accountability for decisions and actions, and good citizenship. Extensive experience in visualizing and presenting data for stakeholders and using business intelligence tools such as Tableau and Tableau Data Prep – and with distributed data tools such as Apache Hadoop or other similar software – is required.  Members of USBCDC’s technology team have year-round access to training opportunities and attend both local and national conferences each year. Other benefits for which this position is eligible include a 401(k) retirement savings plan with company match, a cash balance pension benefit, and a cash incentive bonus program. Basic Qualifications  -Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience -At least 5 years experience with tools, facilities and techniques for managing and administering data. Required Skills/Experience • Subject matter expertise in data warehousing, database structures and data analysis • Extensive experience using Tableau and Tableau Data Prep or other similar tools • Experience working in an Agile, Scrum environment Preferred Skills/Experience • Extensive experience with logical data modeling, business intelligence, requirements analysis, system testing tools, and system development life cycle • Experience with data cubes and ETL processes • Familiarity with SQL, T-SQL, and SQL Server • Familiarity with Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) • Prior work experience in banking, finance, and/or tax credit investments Job:  Information Technology Primary Location:  Missouri-MO-Saint Louis Other Locations:  CA-CA-San Francisco, Minnesota-MN-Minneapolis Shift:  1st - Daytime Travel:  Yes, 10 % of the Time Average Hours Per Week:  40
