Senior Data Scientist - Four on the Floor! 
  
 

Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Angela Barfield, will get back to you with more details!

   
  
            A bit about us:                    
   
        Based in San Francisco, we      are an established global start-up, with six years under our belts and doubling size each year. We are backed by some of the best investor groups -- to the tune of over 150 million.  We support the alternative transportation  movement and can only do that with the support of brilliant Data Scientists  like you!  
   
          
   
  If you are a Senior Data Scientist  with in-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms, statistical modeling methods and an incredible communication style, and love to get your hands dirty while running statistics and creating machine learning answers  from unstructured business challenges, then please      read on….          
   

 

  What can we do for you?          
  Competitive Base Salary with   Equity Package 
 
  Employer paid benefits - medical, dental and vision coverage  
 
  Apple equipment of your choice   
Company sponsored happy hour and team events
 
4 weeks paid time off, 11 paid holidays, volunteer time off, generous parental leave 
Weekly catered lunch and fully stocked kitchen
 
Travel credit every month and vehicle reimbursement program
 
Engineering education allowance every month  
      
            Is your background a        fit? We are looking for…                   
    
Extensive experience and knowledge of statistics, optimization, machine learning
 
Experience demonstrating skill sets in classification, regression, recommendation or time series analysis
 
Expert in Python or R and scale models into a production environment in AWS
 
  Knowledge of data science tools such as pandas, scikit-learn  
 
SQL or equivalent query languages
 
Preferred experience with neural network, AWS data warehouses, data lake, AIrflow, spark and/or Hive  
      
               
  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94102 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000009445913
