Friday, April 3, 2020

As a member of the Data Architecture group you will be involved in the creation of database solutions for the enterprise. You will utilize your technical knowledge to understand business requirements and design, and develop production ready data models and integration strategies.

How you will make an Impact
Work with Business Owners to identify and capture data requirements.
Design and implement effective database models to store and retrieve enterprise data.
Analyze and develop database architecture documentation, including conceptual, logical, and physical data models, such as entity-relationship diagrams and data dictionaries
Identify and manage changes associated with company-wide integration information model.
Possess a working knowledge of the data flows amongst systems in order to identify potential cross system impacts.
Participate in the development and maintenance of data architecture guiding principles, policies, best practices, and standards.
What we are looking for
Bachelor’s Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics (with Computer Science focus)
Good understanding of data integration, data modeling and data architecture
Experience writing moderately complex SQL queries
Experience with Oracle Databases
Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal skills and presentation and communication skills.
Demonstrated facilitation skills and ability to work with effectively with diverse groups.
Demonstrated ability to work independently, lead teams and meet established deadlines.
Desired but not required (if applicable)
Experience with Postgres
Experience modeling XML
2 to 5 years of software development experience

ISO New England oversees the 24/7 operation of the power grid that covers the six-states of New England and administers the region’s $10+ billion “stock exchange” for the buying and selling of wholesale electricity. The power system is constantly evolving as new technologies emerge and energy policies evolve. There is a lot going on at our organization behind the scenes to make sure the grid continuously yields reliable electricity at competitive prices while addressing the unique challenges that come along with our industry.

What We Offer: ISO New England is located in Holyoke, MA. The company provides a base salary plus bonus, competitive Medical and Dental plan, paid vacation, 401k with company match, retirement plan and more. All benefits start on your first day.

Equal Opportunity

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer. Applicants for employment are considered without regard to race, creed, color, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, age, disability, status as a veteran, Vietnam Era Veteran, or being a member of the Reserves or National Guard.

Drug Free Environment

We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

Social Networking Notice
ISO New England reserves the right to review the candidate's postings on any social networking site accessible in the public domain as part of the candidate assessment process.

Career Opportunities at ISO New England

Other details
Pay Type
Salary
