The future is being built today, and Johnson Controls is
making that future more productive, more secure and more sustainable.    We are harnessing the power of cloud, data
analytics, the Internet of Things, and user design thinking to deliver on the
promise of intelligent buildings and smart cities that connect communities in
ways that make people’s lives – and the world – better.
  
 
     
   You will be responsible for developing
state-of-the-art Machine Learning (ML), Deep Learning (DL) and Artificial
Intelligence (AI) analytics for IoT, smarter buildings, smarter cities, smarter
environment, smart manufacturing and smart enterprises in the global data
science organization of Johnson Controls.  
 You will be solving complex industrial problems using advanced ML, DL, AI
and Mathematical Modeling and Optimization techniques with involvement in the
whole cycle of data science tasks including data pre-processing, feature
engineering, problem formulation, algorithmic selection/evaluation, modeling, hyper-parameter
tuning and deployment of the solutions.
  
 
     
  The data scientist role will work closely with platform
engineering and product management, and Digital Solution Offerings and
solution engineering to integrate results into operational platforms,
including modern Big Data processing ecosystem including Hadoop and NoSQL
architectures. 
  
   
  
  You will be a member of a talented team that delivers
contemporary ML/DL/AI solutions for all Johnson Controls Product Business.
You will be executing data science driven projects as we build out capabilities
and our architecture. 
  
   
  
  
Responsibilities 
  
   
  
    ·        
     Work on all stages of data science projects from
understanding problem and data to implementing the solutions into products and
service offerings.
  
    ·        
     Develop strong relationships with
business, application and platform development team members by being
proactive, displaying a thorough understanding of the business/product
development processes and by recommending innovative ML/DL/AI solutions.
  
    ·        
     Provide data modeling, mining, pattern analysis,
data visualization and ML/DL/AI solutions to address technical services, manufacturing
and integrated supply chain needs.
  
    ·        
     Communicate project output in terms of customer
value, business objectives, and product opportunity.
  
    ·        
     Promote data science methods and processes
across functions.
  
    ·        
     Attend industry conferences to stay current on
industry trends, challenges, and potential market opportunities.
  

 
						
												
				
						
				
				
						
							 
							  
  Requirements   
     
  • 	 Masters or Ph.D. degree in Predictive Analytics, Applied Mathematics, Applied Statistics, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Operations Research, Physical Science, Actuarial Science, Business Analytics, Business Intelligence & Analytics, Applied Mathematics or Engineering.  
  • 	 1-10 years of industrial experience of developing practical ML/DL/AI applications.  
  • 	 Hand-on experience with modeling/development software (R, Python, Scikit-learn, Numpy, SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Jupyter Notebook, Spark MLlib, TensorFlow, Theano, Keras, PyTorch).  
  • 	 Must be an expert in programming and data structure modeling.  
  • 	 Must know and has hand-on experience in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning including Statistical Learning, Reinforcement Learning, and Deep Learning (RNN/LSTM, AutoEnoder and CNN).  
  • 	 Deep familiarity with statistical models & methods (time-series analysis, regression analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing, etc.).  
  • 	 Knowledge in logic programming, knowledge representation, reasoning, automated planning and scheduling.  
  • 	 Knowledge in thermodynamics, energy and HVAC system is plus.  
  • 	 Signal processing background is plus.  
  • 	 Strong data visualization skills is plus.  
  • 	 Experience with project leadership.  
  • 	 Experience bringing prototypes to production on Hadoop and/or NoSQL platforms.  
  • 	 Experience with text analytics.  
  • 	 Experience working with remote and global teams.  
  • 	 Results driven with a positive can do attitude.  
  • 	 Excellent collaboration and negotiation skills.  
  • 	 Highly team oriented.   
  • 	 Ability to work collaboratively with development/implementation staff through the design and build of new business processes and systems.  
  • 	 In depth understanding of best-in-class model and data configuration and development processes.  
  • 	 Understanding of data science trends and future state technologies.  
  • 	 Ability to travel – up to 10%. Higher percentage (up to 25%) preferred but not required.  
  
  
  Johnson Controls is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more information, please view EEO is the Law. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please visit  www.johnsoncontrols.com/tomorrowneedsyou       
							 
						
				
				
					 
					 
							
						 
						
								
						 
						
									
							
								
							
									
						
						  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Santa Clara, CA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4307_WD30062238017
