Title: Data Scientist
Duration: 6 months + possible extensions
Location: Nashville, TN

If interested, please send your resume to   jon.marks@nttdata.com       


    Job Requirements (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)       
   Strong knowledge of advanced statistical methods, Bayesian learning techniques, pattern recognition and outlier detection algorithms, as well as advanced topics such as decision trees, random forests, neural networks and other deep learning methods.     
   Strong communication skills to convey complex and technical information both orally and in writing.     
   Strong interpersonal skills to interact effectively with Jackson senior leadership, co-workers, and the broader public and to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to achieve results against competing priorities.     
   Ability to influence others through effective presentation of concepts and action plans.     
   Understanding of business fundamentals.     
   Knowledge of one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools such as R, SAS, MATLAB, or Python (scikit-learn, Theano).     
   Familiarity with one or more script-based data visualization tools, such as ggplot, matplotlib, Shiny, or D3.     
   Proficiency in computer processes and methods, and familiarity with languages such as C/C++, Java, C#, SQL, Perl, Python; familiarity with UNIX, shell scripting, distributed/parallel computing, a scripting language such as Python or Perl or similar; familiarity with regular expressions; familiarity with state-of-the-art database techniques.     
   Ability to mine datasets and develop models built on large volumes of information collected by Jackson.     
   Strong project management skills; ability to successfully manage multiple projects with aggressive deadlines.     
    Education and Experience       
   Master's degree in statistics, math, computational or mathematical finance, computer science, engineering or related technical field required.     
   3+ years of quantitative experience in an advanced analytics, financial engineering, data science, risk analytics or related role required.     
   Experience in bringing predictive models and other analytics tools to production required.     
   Strong background in machine learning, hypothesis testing, regression analysis, statistics, or probability, as well as experience creating predictive analytics on high dimensional, noisy data that may also contain missing values preferred.     
   Experience working with large volumes of financial data composed of different instruments, coming from different sources, for back-testing models, algorithms, and strategies preferred.     
   Experience in natural language processing, especially in text analytics and news aggregation methodologies preferred.     
   Hands-on technical experience with conceptualizing large scale data solutions, such as --- Hadoop, Teradata, Sybase IQ, Microsoft Analytics Platform System (Client), IBM Netezza, etc. preferred.     
   Report authoring/development experience using various tools like Tableau, Qlik, or Lumira preferred.     
  The Company is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs.  The Company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without  r egard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law.  To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the Company would result.  
  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Nashville, TN 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-04764
