Kelly Government Solutions is currently seeking a Data Scientist to support one of our top government clients in Richmond, VA on a contract to hire assignment. This is a mostly remote position, with a one day a week commute into HQ in Richmond, VA. Responsibilities: Provides expert support to run analysis and analytical experiments in a methodical manner, using both structured and unstructured data. Evaluate alternate models via theoretical approaches. Identify and exploit data assets, creating new patterns/business value. Create analyses and models to improve customer and operational Key Process Indicators (KPIs), enhancing measurable value for the Agency and its customers. Build predictive models, developing advanced algorithms that extract and classify information from large datasets. Analyze data, developing robust statistical and predictive algorithms/models that drive the product outputs. Identify meaningful patterns and trends, exposing new business opportunities, and translate results into understandable and actionable output that answer real business questions. Additional duties as assigned. Required Security Clearance/Certification: Must possess an Active Secret Clearance and IAT-Level II certification required. Must be able to provide documentation of one or more of the following certifications: CCNA Security, CySA+**, GICSP, GSEC, Security+CE, or SSCP. Qualifications Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field. Five (5) years’ relevant and practical experience with SAS, R, Python, Keras, TensorFlow, etc., or other Machine Learning (ML) engineering experience. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to have a role in managing employment opportunities for more than one million workers around the globe. We employ 550,000 of these individuals directly with the remaining workers engaged through our talent supply chain network of supplier partners. Revenue in 2015 was $5.5 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
