Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Data Scientist on our 
Customer Experience Operations  team in 
Round Rock . 

Data Science is all about breaking new ground to enable businesses to answer their most urgent questions. Pioneering massively parallel data-intensive analytic processing, our mission is to develop a whole new approach to generating meaning and value from petabyte-scale data sets and shape brand new methodologies, tools, statistical methods and models. What’s more, we are in collaboration with leading academics, industry experts and highly skilled engineers to equip our customers to generate sophisticated new insights from the biggest of big data. Position is for a Data Scientist within Dell Technology Services Operations team to drive 1) analytics and thought leadership around customer experience metrics, and 2) insights and improvement opportunities across Services. Candidate needs to be a highly self-motivated, thought leader with capacity to strategically determine analyses and measurement systems needed to improve customer experience within Services. 


Key Responsibilities    
Drive analytics and thought leadership around developing a unified CE measurement system for Services across businesses and regions 
Develop historical trend and forecasting analytics to determine root causes, correlations and subsequently key initiatives to help drive customer improvement for Services business 
Drive end to end analysis of different customer experience metrics and consistency in measurement across regions and business 
Align Services customer measurement systems to Dell NPS measurement systems, and determine initiatives to drive greater NPS 
Develop additional, ad-hoc customer measurements needed by Services businesses for operational improvement, including alignment around the measures 
Influence a broad spectrum of stakeholders toward achieving business goals 
Drive results in a cross matrix organization  


Essential Requirements    
5+ years of experience and proven results in the areas of analytics, statistical analysis and data mining 
Educational background in analytics or engineering 
Ability to drive thought leadership and translate that leadership into tangible, clear and concise deliverables 
Understanding of Net Promoter Score & Customer Survey 
Ability to deal with ambiguity, while at the same time clearly determining priorities, making strategic decisions and then articulating the issues, solutions and ongoing performance to teams and executive audiences in ambiguous situations 
Proven experience in presenting complex data, statistics and insights 
Effective written and verbal communications, including executive level presentations 
Functional tools include Excel, PowerPoint, BOBJ, JMP, Live Meeting, Chatter  


Benefits  

We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment.


Apply Today! 

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell  here . 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Round Rock, TX 78682 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         971_R61722
