Job Description and Responsibilities    
Interactive Brokers Group (IBG) is looking for a data scientist. The successful candidate will transform information into insight to drive our continued growth, and to understand how we can service our clients better. The data scientist role combines internal and external sources of data to paint a clear picture of who our clients are, and how they engage with our products and services. Identifying interesting and useful trends in this data, and formulate hypotheses on how we can leverage these trends to improve our offering and grow our client base. You will see your insights turned into action as we test and implement changes to take advantage of your analysis. 
   
Identify, analyze and pinpoint trends and patterns in our data sets that we can leverage to further our growth 
Communicate and present your findings to executives and key stakeholders 
Work closely with management to prioritize business and strategic objectives using a data-driven approach 
Interact with executives and managers to identify information needs based around the products and services we offer to track how they are being used by our clients 
Design and improve our data collection and database designs to optimize efficiency and improve the data quality 
Acquire data from internal and external data sources that can be used to enhance our data sets and improve analysis      Qualifications    
   
Masters in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics  
5+ years' experience in a data science or data analysis role 
Working knowledge of mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends 
Experience using statistical programming languages or toolkits for analyzing large, complex datasets 
Technical proficiency with optimizing data collection, database design, data mining and modeling/analysis 
Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy 
Expert problem solving skills and creative thinking ability  
Ability to distill and present key findings to managers and other stakeholders (both technical and non-technical individuals) 
Project management skills with experience planning and coordinating full project life-cycle for data and research focused projects  
     
 This is not a position for which non-US work visa sponsorship will be provided.       Company Overview    
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IEX: IBKR); is a direct access electronic broker catering to the needs of professional and frequent traders, institutional investors, financial advisors, and introducing brokers. Our clients have access to more than 120 market centers in 31 countries from a single account. We are the lowest cost provider of brokerage services and the largest U.S. electronic broker based on daily average revenue trades executing 950,000 trades per day.¹ Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. 
  
¹Figures as of January 31, 2018.     

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Greenwich, CT 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4246522002
