Job Description and Responsibilities    
Interactive Brokers Group (IBG) is looking for a junior data scientist. The successful candidate will execute analytical tasks on large data sets to support decision makers and provide insight and reports about our platforms. The junior data scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can better serve them by identifying interesting and useful trends in our data. You will make an impact by using your passion for data and analysis to generate actionable insights that we will use to improve the experience for our clients. The position responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
   
Collect and analyze various telemetry and behavioral data 
Produce daily metrics and reports 
Clean and prepare data for Machine Learning and AI 
Assist with designing and running A/B tests 
Automate frequently used reporting and data analysis workflows 
Work closely with software engineers and architects to extract, transform and standardize data for optimal use for analytic tools          Qualifications     
Bachelors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics; Masters strongly preferred 
2+ years' experience in a data science or data analysis role 
 2+ years Java coding exprience  
2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports 
Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets 
Technical proficiency with transforming structured and unstructured data sets 
Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy 
 Expert problem solving skills and creative thinking ability  
  
  This is not a position for which non-US work visa sponsorship will be provided.         Company Overview    
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IEX: IBKR); is a direct access electronic broker catering to the needs of professional and frequent traders, institutional investors, financial advisors, and introducing brokers. Our clients have access to more than 120 market centers in 31 countries from a single account. We are the lowest cost provider of brokerage services and the largest U.S. electronic broker based on daily average revenue trades executing 950,000 trades per day.¹ Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. 
  
¹Figures as of January 31, 2018.     

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4246823002
