Job ID: 52432 Data Scientist I Primary Duties and Responsibilities: Under direct supervision design, test, validate and implement predictive models Use statistical analysis techniques to conduct data mining, research and analysis Modify existing models to address and resolve business issues of concerns Provide technical and quantitative support to formulate, test, interpret validate and maintain mathematical rate making models that contribute to meeting Business and product line goals Present results and recommendations to management Create and maintain detailed documentation of analytics projects Assist management and actuarial team in improving methods, analysis and data gathering techniques Develop programs and procedures for users outside of the team Maintain up-to-date knowledge of industry research, developments, changing trends and jurisdictional issues Preferred Qualifications: Education: Master's degree in Mathematics, Actuarial Science, Statistics or a related field Experience: One year of insurance-related statistical/predictive modeling experience Experience in personal lines Property and Casualty with specific focus on actuarial research Predictive modeling in insurance environment Work Environment: Work in a temperature-controlled office environment Required Qualifications: Education: Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Actuarial Science, Statistics or a related field Experience: Analyzing requests for information to determine required data Producing & compiling reports Utilizing, reviewing and documenting internal automated systems, programs and processes Performing research and statistical analysis to complete assignments PC software applications (e.g. Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, etc.) ??Knowledge and Skills: Knowledge of predictive modeling techniques and principles Knowledge of SAS, SQL, Emblem, R or similar data mining application Solid understanding of programming, database and data mining principles Demonstrate strong analytical and problem solving skills Plan, organize, gather, analyze and convert data from numerous sources to satisfy reporting requirements and deadlines Analyze rate revisions and changes on all lines of business Present information from research and statistical analysis to enhance corporate decision making process Perform analyses of automated/manual systems and processes Analyze and solve business problems Support multiple projects simultaneously and work well in a team environment Research and utilize new programming and data mining techniques Make oral presentations to business units Represent the department on inter-department teams Communicate effectively with others in a work environment both orally and in writing At Fast Switch, Our Purpose is Our People and Our Planet. We come to work each day and are reminded we are helping people find their success stories. Isn't that cool? Also, Doing the right thing is our mantra. We act responsibly, give back to the communities we serve, and have fun a little fun along the way. We at Fast Switch have been doing this for 22 years. We're doing business in almost half the states in the union with offices in Detroit, MI, Columbus, OH, New York, Hartford, CT, Massachusetts, Minneapolis, MN, Los Angeles, CA, San Francisco, CA, and Tucson, AZ. We're a financially strong, privately-held company that is 100% consultant and client focused. We've differentiated ourselves by being fast, flexible, creative and honest. Throw out everything you've heard, seen, or felt about every other IT Consulting company. We do unique things, and we do them for Fortune 10 companies, Inc. 500 companies, and technology start-ups. We also have a strong belief in giving back to the communities we serve. Our benefits are second to none and thanks to our flexible benefits options you can choose just the benefits that you need or want, options include: * Medical and Dental (Fast Switch pays majority of the medical program) * Vision * Personal Time Off (PTO) Program * Long Term Disability (100% paid) * Life Insurance (100% paid) * 401(k) with immediate vesting and 3% (of salary) dollar-for-dollar match Plus, we have a lucrative employee referral program and an employee recognition culture. In 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, Fast Switch was named one of the Top Work Places in Michigan by the Detroit Free Press and one of the Best Staffing Firms in 2016 and 2017. We have won the Columbus Business First "Fast 50" award 9 times in 12 years because of our strong growth which translates into more and better opportunities for our consulting staff members. Ranked '#1' supplier by over 50% of our customers nationally. Ranked 'Top 3' supplier by over 75% of our customers nationally. To view all of our open positions, please go to: www.fastswitch.com and at the bottom of the page click Job Portal, or get there directly at: https://www.jobs.net/jobs/fastswitch/en-us/all-jobs/ You can also follow us on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/fastswitch And you can become a fan of Fast Switch on Facebook at: http://tinyurl.com/y9y3gdp
