Ke`aki Technologies LLC, is a Native Hawaiian Organization (NHO) owned business. A premier government services company, Ke’aki Technologies, LLC offers a full spectrum of solutions that improve the performance and operational effectiveness of our government and Department of Defense.           
Ke`aki Technologies is looking for qualified  Data Scientist  to support an Air Force Medical Services (AFMS) contract by providing expertise in the areas of Data Science and Decision Support Analysis.   
     DUTIES INCLUDE:           
Provide analytical tools and resources to assess the health of the AF beneficiary population.     
Provide technical expertise in the areas of prevention, managed care, medical readiness issues, health promotion, clinical safety and quality, and other health Service-related issues in order to support the AFMS’s vision of becoming the healthiest and highest performing segment of the US by 2025.     
Perform clinical and business analytical studies using accepted data science techniques to provide insight into areas of trending/improvement for prevention, managed care, medical readiness issues, health promotion, clinical safety and quality, and other health Service-related issues.     
Aggregate and analyze population health data to respond to questions from the various Congressional inquiries, DoD senior leaders, AFMOA, AF Surgeon General, Service-specific Headquarters agencies, and the MTFs.     
Access, validate and analyze information about the AF population by developing, validating and linking various medical, safety, environmental, occupational and personnel databases.     
Identify and troubleshoot data import, analysis, and display errors from multiple data sources.     
Provide data analysis and decision support using research expertise as well as literature review/evidence-base to develop clinical and business measures and prototypes of health information technology (IT) tools, programs, procedures, services or databases to support AFMOA’s goal of building a managed healthcare system that considers and optimizes safety, quality, cost and access.     
Provide technical knowledge to customers, internal and external to AFMS/AF, regarding study design and methodologies.     
Have the ability to understand and show sufficient proficiency to code/ recode/rewrite using Structured Query Language (SQL).     
Provide ad hoc data/reports or queries.     
Conduct research and perform analysis (including development / use of predictive models for improving clinical operations and evaluating clinical currency, efficiency, and productivity) to support a variety of clinic practices initiatives and improve clinical operations and evaluate clinical currency, efficiency and productivity, including, but not limited to, provider profiling, provider productivity/efficiency, empanelment size designation/determination, referral pattern analysis, utilization of ancillary services and related activities.      
     REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:           
Able to read, write, speak and understand English.      
Proven ability to synthesize disparate facts from multiple sources and coalesce into an accurate and useful analytic product, incorporating Service and MHS strategic goals for use by leadership in both tactical and strategic decision making.     
Demonstrated ability to organize/participate/lead working groups to develop analytic products and byproducts or to develop/understand processes leading to effective optimization of analytic efforts.     
Demonstrated ability to effectively and clearly communicate analytical discoveries and appropriate recommendations/mitigation strategies to all levels of customers including Senior AFMS leadership.     
Demonstrated advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office products PLUS additional software/hardware skills and capabilities including Python and Tableau.      
     DEGREE/EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:           
       Master’s degree in Public Health, Health Services Research, Epidemiology, Mathematics, Biostatistics, Statistics, Informatics or related areas, or previous participation in advanced training/program with one of those related areas and identified as a Fellow in their area of expertise is required.          
Other significant related clinical/medical/health data experience such as previous participation in an analytics/quantitative field fellowship/training may be considered as an appropriate substitute for education, but minimum of Bachelor’s degree in above areas required unless otherwise specified and with few exceptions.      
     CITIZENSHIP/SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:           
       Must have an active Tier 3 background check to obtain a common access card (CAC)          
       Must be a U.S. Citizen           
The Alaka`ina Foundation Family of Companies (FOCs) is comprised of industry-recognized government service firms who are designated as Native Hawaiian Organization (NHO)-Owned and fall into the respective categories of standard Small Business, 8(a) certified Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), and HUBZone. The FOCs includes Ke`aki Technologies, Laulima Government Solutions, Kūpono Government Services, Kāpili Services, and Po`okela Solutions. Alaka`ina Foundation activities under the 501(c)3 principally benefit the youth of Hawaii through charitable efforts which includes providing innovative educational programs that combine leadership, science & technology, and environmental stewardship.   
For additional information on Ke`aki Technologies, LLC, please visit  www.alakainafoundation.com .   
            We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer of individuals with disabilities and veterans. We are proud to state that we do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. If you are a person with a disability and you need an accommodation during the application process, please click          recruiter@alakaina.com      to request accommodation. We E-Verify all employees.     
    
#Monster     

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             San Antonio, TX 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         5195
