Data Scientist As a Data Scientist, you will be delivering solutions for my client's company while levergaging the company's experience in products. As a Data Scientist, you will be creating data models, creating data pipelines and applications, utilizing AWS cloud environment, and using predictive modeling to increase customer experience and generate revenue for the company. Salary: $100-130K Roles and Responsibilities: Discover patterns and solve strategic and tactical business problems using structured and unstructured data sets across multiple environments Understand client business needs and be able to translate them to solutions and visualizations Create data pipelines and applications in AWS environments Database design and development using SQL server Design data models Mine and analyze data Coordinate across teams to monitor and analyze performance and accuracy Utilize predictive modeling to optimize customer experience, generate revenenue, and targeting other business outcomes Interact with project stakeholders to provide solutions addressing business requirements Skills and Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience with cloud ecosystems (AWS, GCP, or Azure) Skilled in Python programming language (or R) Java and Scala programming languages are nice to have Experience creating ML algorithms Skilled in data modeling Good applied statistical skills (distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc) Experience with visualizations tools is a plus A drive to learn new technologies Company Rewards: Benefits package- health, dental, and vision Salary: $100-130K 401K match PTO Holiday vacation Collaborative, agile Environment Plus, so much more! Contact Details: Looking to fill this position immediately. If interested, please contact j.laroche2@jeffersonfrank.com or call 813-437-6875. Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professional on the planet. Back by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivaled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve- one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
