HomeAdvisor and our sister company, Angie’s List, have combined to create the largest Homeservices marketplace in the nation. Part of ANGI Homeservices (ANGI), we connect millions of homeowners across the globe with home service professionals through our innovative and user-friendly products. ANGI Homeservices operates 12 brands in eight countries, and is headquartered in Golden, Colo. The Associate Data Scientist will sit in our Golden office. This is a unique opportunity for someone with a strong background in statistics, programming, and mathematics who is interested in solving real business problems for Colorado’s largest consumer-facing internet company. Our Applied Data Science team is currently tackling challenges such as homeowner-contractor matching, forecasting of key business metrics, and streaming predictions for optimizing consumer experience. This role will give you the opportunity to use state-of-the-art machine learning techniques and open-source big data processing tools. The ideal candidate will possess superior data analytics skills and has a history of devising creative solutions to difficult problems. As a Data Scientist, you will be responsible for communicating your findings to business stakeholders, so communication and visualization skills are essential. Experience and Skills: 2+ years of experience performing quantitative analysis, predictive analytics, mathematical modeling, and/or machine learning Master’s or PhD in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or similar quantitative field Bachelor’s plus equivalent work experience is also acceptable Proficient in R and/or Python Experience working with SQL Deep knowledge of machine learning and data mining algorithms Demonstrate creative problem solving skills to inform decisions, improve outcomes, and deliver transformation through data Strongly Preferred: Experience with Spark, Hadoop, and non-relational data stores Knowledge of Linux and Git commands Knowledge of advanced methods such as Monte Carlo techniques, Bayesian inference, NLP, deep learning, reinforcement learning, time-series modeling Bonus Points: Experience building models ML frameworks like H2O and Tensorflow Experience competing in Kaggle competitions If you're interested in a career with us, we'd love to talk. If you have questions about any of our roles, talk with one of our Recruiters by signing up for our next chat: http://www.abouthomeadvisor.com/talk-to-us/
