JOB SUMMARY: The Data Scientist I is responsible for developing, maintaining and enhancing statistical models and algorithms to create strategic business opportunities across the organization. This position is constantly challenged to tap into advanced mathematical and statistical techniques to develop optimal solutions. This position is expected to communicate complex concepts clearly. JOB DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES: * Produces concise conclusions from raw data in a clean, well-structured and easily maintainable format as well as understand complex business requirements, business goals, and drivers and drive solutions aligning to SHC technology strategy. * Designs, implements and automates modeling and analysis procedures on existing and experimentally created data using open source programs including but not limited to Python and R. * Provides leadership in developing robust solutions for Analytics, Predictive Analytics, Pattern Recognition, Data Mining, Reporting, Web Analytics, and Metadata Management. * Establishes reporting and tracking to continuously monitor and report out impact * Increases pace and confidence of learning by combining state of the art technology and statistical methods (parametric and nonparametric econometrics and machine learning); provides expertise in integrating advanced analytics into ongoing business processes (combine data mining techniques with structure approaches to avoid spurious correlations). Maintains awareness of modeling and analytics best practices from a wide range of industries JOB REQUIREMENTS: * Bachelors Degree * 1-2 years of related experience * 18 years of age or older REQUIRED SKILLS: * Bachelor's Degree or higher in Mathematics, Statistics or related Disciplines * Ability to build statistical Models in either R or Python * Ability to write Database queries in SQL * Knowledge of various programming software and languages such as, but not limited to R, Stata, Matlab, Python, SQL, and Excel * Familiarity with version control, especially Git * Experience in Hadoop-based data tools and languages (e.g. Mahout, Hive, Pig) a plus. * Sound technical and analytical skills, concise and clean analytic graphics * Desire and willingness to work in a collaborative, innovative, flexible and team-oriented environment, welcoming push back on conclusions and inferences PREFERRED SKILLS: * MS/PhD. degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, CS, Econometrics strongly preferred, or equivalent/ related degree with emphasis in quantitative methods preferred * Experience with AWS Databases (Redshift, RDS e.g.) and tools is a plus.
