DESCRIPTION: Artech is currently seeking to add to the below position   Job Title: Data Scientist Location: Sunnyvale, CA Duration: 12+ Months Job Description:   Responsibilities: Design and develop, and analyze data, systems, methods, tools and technologies Use a variety of SW & HW engineering skills to explore, develop and demonstrate the latest breakthrough technologies and concepts. Apply machine learning, deep learning, and NLP methods to massive data sets and complex systems. Be a respected SME acting as an internal technology consultant to the Senior leadership of Comcast. Design, implement, and deploy full-stack solutions potentially for millions of Comcast customers. Investigate and solve exciting and difficult challenges with emerging technology and data science. Research and develop innovative and dynamic solutions to hard problems. Review analyze and report on technologies, methods, research areas and trends Be a valued contributor in shaping the future of our products and services. Collaborate with a cross functional agile team of software engineers, data engineers, ML experts, and others to address challenges head on. Help to drive thought, strategy and process across out Technology, Products and Experiences. Care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, responsible experimentation, deep technical / scientific research. Required Skills: A Master’s Degree or a PhD in Computer Science or related field. Experience in data engineering, analytics and /or business intelligence Experience in Research and Development with a strong background in full stack development. A minimum of 1 year of hands on experience in data science or machine learning Highly proficient in Python, and C++ Practical experience in one or more deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe or Torch. Strong background in Mathematics (linear algebra and calculus), Statistics and Computational Thinking. Expertise with database development, architectures and a solid understanding of both relational (SQL) and NoSQL database technologies. Skilled at interacting with one or more cloud-based platforms like AWS, Azure or Google Cloud. Skilled at working with stream & batch data, extremely large data sets Skilled at collecting, cleaning, normalizing and labeling diverse data. Experience developing and presenting technical concepts and technical to executives Ability and desire to learn new tech stacks, languages, methods etc.   If you are interested, Please contact me at [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]     Thanks, Ashish Artech Information Systems LLC 360 Mt. Kemble Avenue, Suite 2000 | Morristown, NJ 07960 Office: 973.967.3531 |Fax: 973.998.2599 Email: [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] Website: www.artech.com   About Artech Information Systems LLC Artech is an employer-of-choice for the last 25 years to over 7,500 consultants across the globe. We recruit top notch talent for over 70 Fortune and Government clients coast-to-coast across the U.S., India, and China. We are #1 Largest Woman-Owned IT Staffing Firm in the US and this may be your opportunity to join us! For more check: www.artech.com   Connect with Artech through Social Media Learn more about our company including the latest events at Artech, new job opportunities, jobseeker tips, and more. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+, and YouTube
