Paladin Consulting is currently hiring a Data Scientist to join our team working onsite at our client's office located in Oklahoma City. We work with companies that offer environments for our employees to contribute, learn, and advance their career. We treat you like you are part of the family. Job Title: Data Scientist  Work Location: OKlahoma City  Duration: Direct Hire  This position will mine and analyze complex and unstructured data sets using advanced statistical methods in data driven decision making. This position will also will be able to develop, through various software, models, graphs and other means to relay the interpretation of the data. RESPONSIBILITIES Identifies unique opportunities to collect new data. Designs new processes and builds large, complex data sets. Performs research, analysis, and statistical modeling on organizational data. Tests and validates predictive models. Develops and applies algorithms or models to key business metrics with the goal of improving operations or answering business questions. Implements new or enhanced software designed to access and handle data more efficiently. Provides "data stories” by using data visualization and data communication techniques. Interprets data to identify business trends, conduct root cause analysis of business problems, or suggest areas for process improvement. Qualifications: Education/Certification: A Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field required. Master's degree in business analytics, statistics or an advanced computer programming field required. Experience Required: Practical experience building predictive analytics. Comfortable operating with R language. Previous experience in data mining or statistical modeling required. Skills and Abilities: Possesses a working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling. Demonstrates excellent code writing abilities. Has strong critical thinking skills and the ability to relate them to the products of Paycom. Displays understand of and ability to use programming languages like Python and SQL. Shows strong knowledge of basic and advanced prediction models. Possesses a combination of creative abilities and business knowledge. Has data mining knowledge that spans a range of disciplines. Demonstrates excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as the ability to bridge the gap between data science and business management. Displays exceptional organizational skills and is detailed oriented.     For more information or to view other opportunities, visit us at www.paladininc.com. Paladin Consulting is an EEOC employer.
