Overview As a member of the corporate team, you’ll focus on enhancing the relationship with our clients as we provide outstanding business solution services. Within departments like Accounting & Finance, Human Resources, and Engineering, Conduent is actively staffing all teams with roles like Recovery Analyst, Client Services Specialist, and Senior Management Consultant. At Conduent, we give our employees the opportunity to further develop their career skills with the intention of growing them into leaders within the organization. Full Time Experienced Professional Development Opportunities Success Profile What will make you successful at Conduent? Check out the traits we’re looking for and see if you have the right mix. Adaptable 9 Detail-Oriented 9 Multi-Tasker 8 Strategic 10 Expressive Presenter 6 Conceptual 4 Traits are on a scale of 1 to 10 Addtional Traits Insightful Organized Consistent Efficient Focused Logical Responsible Versatile Rewards Healthcare Conduent is proud to offer comprehensive and competitive benefits that reflect the value of our employees. Benefits will differ by country, please contact your recruiter for details specific to your location. Balance Maintaining a work/life balance is the key to success. Collaboration Department learning opportunities and company-wide digital knowledge share. Compensation Competitive salaries. Family Support Additional resources to support employees with families. Professional Development Conduent offers programs to help advance the careers of our employees. Responsibilities Description Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve. We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning - Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more atwww.conduent.com. Title: Data Analytics Intern About Data Science: Design statistical and predictive models to explore business insights. Work with massive datasets and translate cross-functional data into meaningful business information. Deploy advanced analytics to optimize decision making process. Implement advanced data visualizations to answer complexed questions. Work with world-class teams to improve business performance. Summary: Data collection and preparation Build machine learning algorithms to help understand operational pattern from a specific data source Deliver relevant data visualization to support decision making process using various tools or computer languages Use image/text mining AI technique to extract data from data sources Establish a data pipe line for big data analytics in Azure environment Training Program: Conduent is an extremely innovative firm and uses best in class business softwares. In addition to Microsoft products, interns will be exposed to tools such as Smartsheet, Oracle and Tableau during the duration of the internship. Interns will also have access to Conduent Learning, an online portal containing extensive subject matter and courses in project management and other diversified business topics. At Conduent, the use of different Oracle based softwares like Hyperion Planning will be available for interns to assist, improve and advance their IT skills. Project management discipline is at the core of our programs.  There would be educational and coaching sessions in standard project management practices which would create a channel for students to experience PMI standards, a globally recognized certification program. Throughout the summer, interns would have a tremendous amount of exposure to and interaction with the top management of the company – guiding and mentoring them to help create a valuable and enriching experience. Qualifications & Skills: Pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in statistics / computer science / IT Knowledge in machine learning algorithms Experience with data science toolkits in Python and R Strong understanding of statistical analysis techniques and concepts, such as regression, probability, hypothesis test, A/B test and factor analysis  Understand Hadoop, Spark or other big data platforms. Understand cloud-based machine learning platforms such as Azure ML or Spark MLlib etc. Minimum 3.25 grade point average Excellent verbal and writing skills to document work and communicate with colleagues Ability to work independently and as part of a team You must be detail oriented with good interpersonal and communication skills Comfortable with a fast-paced, multi-task and agile working environment. Great learning skills and curiosity Expected Travel:Minimal Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the 'Submit' button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form
