Are you motivated to work in an environment that will challenge you, force you to continuously innovate, and work on solutions that make a difference for our customers? Do you want to be part of a team performing data analytics where the efforts/results will positively impact program design/proposal/orals? If so, there is a future for you to support a portfolio of highly visible and strategic programs at Northrop Grumman.   

Northrop Grumman Mission Systems is seeking a Senior Principal Software Data Scientistto join our team of qualified, diverse individuals located at Fair Lakes, VA. 
   
 Position Description:  

*The ideal candidate should be an experienced data scientist that can participate in creating analytic models to assess the probability of threat and identify patterns of potential illegal activities.  
*These efforts would include analysis of data at large scales as well as significant data preparation and cleansing.  
*The candidate would also use open source tools to create, train, and refine entity resolution pipelines  first with test data and then potentially with real customer data. These efforts would go towards inclusion in highly visible and strategic programs.

 


Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Fairfax, VA 20152 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         14 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19012613
