Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you. As a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide. We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be. As we continue to build our workforce we look for people that exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach to innovation.  

The candidate will utilize data science techniques (Data Preprocessing, Data Transformation, Descriptive Statistical Analysis, Centrality Analysis, Connected Components Analysis, Mutual Information Analysis, Clique Tree Analysis, etc) to identify malicious activity not identified by deployed signatures. 
Creates data mining architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. 
Requires strong statistical and data visualization skills. 
Supports the creation of a big data' analysis program. 
Coordinates with intelligence analysts to correlate threat assessment data with operational analysis 
Basic Qualifications:  
 
At least one year of experience in the cybersecurity field.  
A Bachelor's Degree in computer science, information technology, cybersecurity, or related field with 5 years of relevant experience 
Successful completion of college-level courses in statistics to include statistical regression.  
At least two years of experience with data science tools including Elastic Search, Logstash, Kibana, Hadoop, NOSQL, etc.  
At least two years of experience utilizing the Python scripting language to conduct data analysis.  
At least two years of experience working with large data-sets to extract actionable insights.  
TSSecurity Clearanceand able to get SCI clearance 
IAT Level II certification in accordance with DOD 8570 (Any one of: CCNA Security, CySA+, GICSP, Sec+ CE, SSCP)  

Preferred Qualifications:  

Active SCI clearance

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Quantico, VA 22134 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         14 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19010331
