TTEC requires all employees hired in the United States to successfully pass a background check and depending on location and client program a drug test, as a condition of employment. TeleTech is an Equal Opportunity Employer. TTEC Consulting’s Insights Practice is looking for a smart, energetic person that is intimately familiar with mining big data & delivering big vision, developing turnkey consulting solutions, and leveraging decision science to revolutionize our clients’ businesses.  We combine human insight and the speed of technology to transform our clients’ interactions with their customers. Advanced analytics of the customer experience and customer interactions is our expertise. Check out our website below to learn more about what we do and how we help our clients. https://www.ttec.com/ttec-digital What you’ll be doing: This person will be a part of our Global Data Science Center focused on helping our clients find and seize opportunities in their markets.  Support the development of consulting products such as proprietary customer experience scores and marketing optimization solutions  Maintain our stellar reputation with our clients and drive >80 client NPS Leverage a mixture of data science methods such as SVM, neural nets, decision trees, and regression models to deliver proprietary uplift model solutions Support the introduction and advancement of decision science throughout our contact center engagement Recommend and introduce new methods where relevant Resource planning Recommend required resources to managers Align required resources to client schedules Mentor data engineers and architects on requirements  Develop requirements and technical specifications documents for use by engineers Delivery Recommend project timelines to managers Drive on-time delivery and identify and escalate risks to managers Support attainment of annual goals for client satisfaction Deliver your own solutions while collaborating on other projects What you’ll bring to us: Masters in Statistics, Economics, IE/OR, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or related field is required; PhD is a plus 1-5 years' experience delivering advanced analytics solutions since graduate program Ability to translate client requests into approach statements and project plans  Ability to work in a highly collaborative, team-oriented environment Ability to identify effective, relevant statistical and/or mathematical methods to solve complex business problems  Expert at data wrangling both structured and unstructured data Experience delivering solutions using regression modeling or machine learning techniques; experience with both is desired Expert in developing and implementing predictive analytics solutions in one or more of the following languages: R or Python experience with SAS is desired Experience delivering solutions using large datasets (multi-Gb or larger) Experience in MS Office suite of products, especially Excel and Powerpoint Ability to work within any modern big data environment (AWS, MS Azure, SAP Hana, etc.) is desired Experience with text analytic or speech analytic is desired. Experience with one or more modern social listening tools (Crimson Hexagon, TheySay, etc.) is desired What skills you’ll need: Excellent analytic and data-driven thinking skills  Strong communication skills and an ability to work successfully in a distributed workforce Creative problem solving and an understanding of analytics workflows Strong background in consulting a plus Who We Are: TTEC is a pioneer in customer experience, engagement and growth solutions. Our 40,000+ employees serve customers in more than 80 countries and 50 languages across social, mobile, and digital channels.   We utilize a holistic approach, applying solutions from our four customer experience segments—Consulting, Technology, Care and Growth—to help companies provide an amazing experience to their customers, inspire customer loyalty, and grow their business. Our employees live by a set of customer-focused values that guide relationships with clients, their customers and each other. #LI-CZ1
