Welcome to the CANA-H2R family. Let us assist you in experiencing the 'role of a lifetime' that you have only heard of from the network or read in media. Join a global family of 150000+ professionals leading the IT industry through decades of experience in providing high-end solutions, next generation services, support, innovation, training etc. Join a company that has committed to hiring 10,000 workers in USA in the next two years. Be part of a company that has federal support for their commitment to opening four state of the art technology centers across the USA. 
 COME AND JOIN | CANA-H2R  is hiring  Data Scientist  with one our client at  Basking Ridge, NJ  and other multiple locations in USA .  
 Job Description:  
 Minimum Requirements:   
BS/BA in an analytical or technical field (e.g. Math, Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science, Operations Research, Physics, or Engineering).&nbsp; 
4+ years of industry experience in Advanced Analytics/Data science. Consulting experience (especially analytics consulting) a plus 
You are skilled at defining problem statements, breaking down complex or fuzzy business problems into analytical questions, quantifying the impact to the business, synthesizing data to &ldquo;tell the story,&rdquo; and recommending solutions 
Ability to manage projects and execute to aggressive timelines 
Excellent statistical understanding and experience with ML algorithms including regression, clustering, classification, decision trees, time series forecasting, neural networks, deep learning, etc. 
Experience with Python, R, SQL languages in analytical contexts 
Experience with large data sets and distributed computing, data warehousing, data integration, and ETL tools (e.g. Teradata, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, SAP HANA) 
Understanding of tools and infrastructure needed to support data science efforts.&nbsp; Bonus for cloud technologies e.g. Google Cloud Platform, AWS, Azure 
Experience with visualization tools, e.g. D3, Angular, Shiny, Tableau, Qlik, Data Studio, etc.  
If you get interested, then please share your resume at   divyesh.r@cana-h2r.com   / 908-888-0016  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Basking Ridge, NJ 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Staffing/Employment Agencies
