This full-time, permanent Data Analyst / Data Scientist career opportunity is flexible and can be remote (employees can work from home as the company is very family-orientated).  If the successful candidate prefers to be onsite, that is also welcomed.  Depending on the employee's location, this employee could come in as little as once per quarter.  The company is located west of Madison, Wisconsin and provides risk management and prevention monitoring systems.  The company software is cloud-based, IoT (Internet of Things) and AI (Artificial Intelligence).  This smaller company has been in business for four years and plans on tripling the number of employees this year as their products are in high demand.  Employees are team-oriented and great at collaborating.   As the company grows, there will be a opportunities for career growth possibly including management.  In fact, a Data Analyst was recently promoted to a Data Scientist.  The technology is very leading edge.  There is freedom in how Data Analysts / Data Scientists go about their day and work.  This successful Data Analyst / Data Scientist will be responsible for the following: Leveraging new data collection processes and sources Developing and deploying innovative methods, models, and algorithms Utilizing statistics, algorithms, data mining, and visualization Interacting with all levels Working with the Data Science and the Product Development employees Anticipating, identifying, and investigating data trends Discovering actionable insights Identifying business opportunities Designing presentations for decision makers Identifying data sources Candidates will have a minimum background consisting of the following: A four year degree in Statistics, Actuarial Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent Analytics experience SQL and relational database experience Data visualization tool experience Data analysis programming language experience Statistical software experience ETL knowledge Strong visual presentation skills Strong written and verbal communication skills Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects A detail orientation An innovative mindset Ability to be on site at least once per quarter Preferred but not required backgrounds will include any of the following: Insurance experience Python experience Algorithm experience AWS Cloud service experience EC2 experience RDS experience S3 experience
