Director,  Data Scientist 
  
 

Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Angela Barfield, will get back to you with more details!

   
  
            A bit about us:                    
   
        Based in San Francisco, we      are a fast-growing  Series A startup, a B2B Enterprise SaaS company delivering big data analytics. We solve the hardest cyber risk challenges with world-class analytics. We are looking to add to our brilliant team someone who can help  leverage cyber risk aggregation modeling and insurance underwriting.  We were incubated by one of the top cyber security Fortune 500 firms and are supported by the top venture capital firms who focus on early cyber start ups.  
   
          
   
  If you are a Director, Data Scientist  with in-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms,statistical modeling methods and an incredible communication style, and love to get your hands dirty while building a team, then please      read on….            
   
                
   
      
            What can we do for you?                   
    
Play an instrumental role in reshaping one of the oldest industries in the world 
  Competitive Base Salary  
 
Meaningful early stage equity
 
  Unlimited PTO, generous health benefits with medical, dental and vision coverage
   
  Collaborative, respectful and empathetic culture  
    
      
            Is your background a        fit? We are looking for…                   
    
        Advanced degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics or related field (or equivalent experience) Ph.D a plus  
 
  5+ years experience as a Data Scientist, delivering insights to power business stakeholders to make better decisions  
 
  2+ years of growing and mentoring top talent in data science in technology companies  
 
  Knowledge of big data platforms and tools such as Apache Spark  
   
  Deep knowledge of big data pipelines, API's and data modeling  
 

  
      
            Why join us?                   
   
        We can offer you the      opportunity to work on State-of-the-Art technology and help reshape one of the oldest industries in the world by dealing with the most cutting edge technology out there.  We are revolutionizing how business is done to insure cyber threats are contained.  Enjoy accelerated career growth with an equity stake in a start up which is backed by one of the strongest cyber security companies in the world!  
  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 94102 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Insurance; Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Executive (SVP, VP, Department Head, etc) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000010203220
