Principal Data Scientist- 145k+- Durham, NC- Join a growing team! Duties Work with Retail, Manufacturing, Services and Financial Services organizations to understand business requirements to develop analytical models using techniques such as optimization, statistics and data mining models to achieve business growth and efficiencies utilizing Big Data and Analytics. Conduct creative inquiry and analysis to direct research projects related to data, datasets, and data mining and optimization applications using modeling and data management tools (SAS; R; or Python) or visualization tools: (SAS; Tableau; or Qlik). Support definition of solution and analytical methodology to address key client business issues. Document and lead design reviews, provide input to the design recommendations. Manage customer expectations through effective communication of timely status updates. Collaborate with data producers and repository contributors to develop cost effective and efficient strategies and reliable data streams for managing data. Develop dashboards using reporting technologies to develop automated system for on-going business operations. Develop implementation guidelines, quality control procedures, and documentation for projects. Required Skills and Experience Master's degree in Data Sciences, Operations Research, Analytics, Engineering or closely related field of study plus 5 years (minimum) of experience in the job offered or similar Data Analyst/Consultant positions specifically in the Retail, Manufacturing, Services and Financial Services organizations. PhD Degree preffered Experience in the following areas: forecasting optimization regression neural networks machine learning Strong coding skills in Python, R, or SAS Travel Nationally/internationally 25% of the time. Contact Details Looking to fill this position immediately. Contact me by email at b.hardigan@jeffersonfrank.com or call 813-437-6931. Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professional on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivaled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve- one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
