Resideo is developing and manufacturing products for home water management, and we need a data scientist with a passion for building great smart home products. 
 You will work with an interdisciplinary team to analyze water usage data from Buoy devices installed on homes all over the world--one of the most extensive datasets on residential water usage ever collected. 
 You should possess both the technical chops to dig deep and uncover fascinating analytical insights from data and the communication savvy to roll-up those insights with brilliant clarity to help drive business and product decisions.

Location:

Santa Cruz, California

Specifics:

●Exploratory data analysis to discover trends and patterns in water usage data across homes, water districts, and geographic regions.
 ●Data curation. Maintain a database of devices, 
 ●Develop and refine metrics to assess our machine learning algorithm's ability to accurately categorize water usage and detect leaks.
 ●Develop KPIs to assess the performance of our software and hardware components.
 ●Create visual representations of the data, through the use of business intelligence platforms (i.e. Tableau, Sisense, Looker, etc.)
 ●Collaborate with an interdisciplinary team of software, hardware, mechanical, electrical, and firmware engineers, machine learning and data scientists, while also occasionally interfacing with other departments.

Requirements:

●Bachelors degree and 3+ years experience in business analytics, quantitative economics, mathematics/statistics, or natural sciences. Masters degree preferred.
 ●Experience munging and wrangling with large, real-world datasets
 ●Proficient in a statistical programming language (R, Python, SAS, Matlab, etc.)
 ●Querying relational and unstructured databases (SQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, etc.)
 ●Data visualization using a BI platform (Tableau, Sisense, Looker, etc.)
 ●Analytical data warehousing (BigQuery, RedShift, etc.)
 ●Familiarity with machine learning
 ●Business acumen and the ability to communicate complex ideas to a broad audience
 ●A proven history of technical problem solving as a resourceful, analytical thinker
 ●Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills
 ●Must be a mature team player who maintains a positive attitude and communicates professionally, both verbally and in writing, even in highly stressful situations

RSRRES
Resideo is developing and manufacturing products for home water management, and we need a data scientist with a passion for building great smart home products.You will work with an interdisciplinary team to analyze water usage data from Buoy devices installed on homes all over the world--one of the most extensive datasets on residential water usage ever collected.You should possess both the technical chops to dig deep and uncover fascinating analytical insights from data and the communication savvy to roll-up those insights with brilliant clarity to help drive business and product decisions. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Santa Cruz, CA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         5 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         537
