Job Location: Hershey, PA  

   

Summary:   

   

Hershey is a global knowledge company ensuring data is at the forefront of our decision-making, and the HR organization is no exception. Leveraging superior analytical capabilities, innovative technologies and industry knowledge, HR Analytics strives to unlock insights enabling the HR organization to address the needs of the evolving global workforce. This position leverages advanced analytics and modeling to develop actionable insights that build strategic advantage, mitigate risk, and deliver long-term growth consistent with our enterprise, function and talent strategies. Understanding the end-user experience, they collaborate with the business and HR partners to design, scope, conduct, and deliver analysis that provides insight into our talent.  

   

The ideal candidate will have a close attention to detail, ability to decompose complex problems, possess strong analytical acumen, a high level of intellectual curiosity, and a skilled story teller. They will have a strong background in and understanding of predictive analytics, machine learning algorithms, organizational network analysis, and research design. This person must establish him/herself as a subject matter expert and valued consultant with numerous client groups within the HR function, both locally and internationally, to provide unbiased, objective analyses to inform business decisions.  

   

Major Duties/Responsibilities:   

   
  
 
Analytical Project Management: Work with business leaders in HR and the commercial organization to define and scope project plans for further analysis that support the overall Talent and Company strategy. This includes having a thorough understanding of disparate data sources, how to leverage them, and the ability to take incomplete information from leadership and craft it into concise problem statements and hypotheses.  
 
Research and Analysis: Conduct research and analysis using statistical methods (e.g. multiple regressions, Monte Carlo simulations, t & z-tests, ANOVAs, and correlations) in order to provide insight to the business. Be able to take insights gained from analysis and translate them into recommendations through detailed storytelling. Consult with clients during the process and be able to translate analytical methods to diverse client groups.  
 
Client Management: Develop and maintain strategic partnerships with key leaders in both the HR field and the commercial business. Provide insight into the field of HR analytics and work to ensure that leaders are aware of the services. Report out on the outcomes of projects to client groups, ensuring that outcomes drive the business and talent strategy  
 
Professional Growth: Work to maintain proficiency and awareness of cutting-edge analytical processes. Develop a rounded skill set in multiple analytical fields. Develop and maintain proficiency in analytical tools (e.g. R, Tableau, SQL, Python). Display a passion and commitment to continuous learning.  
 
Administrative Activities: Manage project and collaborative work effectively. Work as a member of a team and ensure an inclusive environment for all.   
  
 Minimum Education and Experience Requirements:   

   
  
 
Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Analytics, Quantitative Psychology, Business Analytics, or a closely related field required  
 
Master’s in a quantitative field where research and quantitative methods have a direct applicability to people research in organizations (Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Analytics, Quantitative Psychology) strongly preferred.  
 
1-3 years’ working with multiple types of statistical modeling such as regression, random forests, neural networks, clustering and advanced forecasting methods. Additional specialty skills including text analytics, sentiment analysis and web scraping encouraged.  
 
Experience working in an HR or People analytics related field, preferably experience working in Successfactors and the handling of sensitive personnel data  
 
Demonstrated ability in the modeling, mapping, and interpretation of social and collaborative networks  
 
Proficiency, mastery preferred, with tools and languages such as SQL, R, DAX, Python, Tableau, Gephi and others  
 
Mastery in MSFT productivity tools, Excel and PowerPoint, is required.  
  

   

#LI-DC1  

   

   

   

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The policy of The Hershey Company is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.  

   

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veterans  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Hershey, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4287_104989
