AWS Data Scientist- San Francisco - $150K - Weekly Catered Lunches and Team Happy Hours! Market leaders in cyber security that's providing cloud base software as a service for organizations to detect security risks. The company is rapidly growing and looking to add several new members to their team to take part in stopping cyber security. The Role You will be building out the machine learning models to enable customers to find interesting security insights from data. You'll work with security experts to develop and code models. You will help our customers gain the most value from our data. Key Responsibilities Develop machine learning models to better detect digital threats and surface interesting data to our customers Analyze our data to ensure that it's consistent and correct Develop and maintain machine learning models that support our detection, analysis, blacklists, and data pipeline Deliver value to our customers through increasing breath and depth of detection Develop and code data models Requirements AWS experience Prior data science experience working with languages like R, Python, or Java Ability to deliver in a fast-paced, self-directed environment Ability to learn new concepts, tools, languages, and models An analytical mindset A love of data and finding interesting questions to ask of it Experience working with MAPReduce On-site 5 days a week Benefits & Bonus $150K base Opportunity to work ground breaking technologies Team Lunches and Outings (Team Happy Hours) Weekly catered lunches Heath, Dental, Vision, 401K Amazing Company Culture If you or someone you know is interested in this position, please send your resume directly to m.zhang@jeffersonfrank.com or call 303.558.4376. Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
