We have an exciting opportunity for a AI Data Scientist/NLP Engineer with our industry-leading client in Washington D.C. Due to federal security clearance requirements, applicant must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident with the ability to obtain a [Public Trust/Secret/Top Secret] Clearance. We offer a great benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, 401k with company matching, and life insurance. Our client is looking for an AI Data Scientist to design, implement and deploy scalable, distributed solutions to support real-time NLP data analytic platform using modern AI principles and techniques.  Requirements of the AI Data Scientist/NLP Engineer: 3+ years experience in the industry with relevant AI, NLP, ML design and build experience Understanding of the state of the art in NLP research and operational experience Advanced degree in NLP or a related discipline, such as computational linguistics, machine learning, or artificial intelligence.  Experience implementing NLP techniques with social media and applying other non-traditional open sources to real-world mission solutions and in the following areas: computational manipulation and analysis of natural language documents using statistical models, and experimenting with large corpora for developing and testing advanced algorithms 2+ years of Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience, statistical modeling experience using the R programming language and Python experience 3+ years of SQL and machine learning experience Knowledge and understanding of Artificial Intelligence (AI) disciplines such as Machine Learning or Natural Language Processing Hands-on NLP & ML (machine leaning) is must and must have worked with NLP packages such as Stanford NLP, NLPTK and other open-source libraries. Experience with common NLP techniques, such as Pre-processing (tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, parsing, stemming) Keywords: AI, Data Scientist, NLP Engineer, NLP, SQL, machine learning, programming language Job ID: 319256 About Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit http://www.eliassen.com. Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check!
