Overview 

 
Our client has an exciting role for a data scientist/data engineer to join a fast-paced, leading-edge team working to help advance it&rsquo;s publishing business. In this role, you will be working with a small team of data scientists and analysts to rapidly prototype data applications and analytics tools to serve our fast-growing imprint. 

The full-time, contract position will report into the Director, Data Science and Analytics and will be responsible for developing, testing and maintaining data flows and information architecture. This includes aggregating data from multiple databases in our data warehouse as well as external sources, establishing data pipelines, designing data models, deploying machine learning models to production and building robust data visualizations and reporting tools that align with the business needs of our team. 
&nbsp; 
This is an exciting opportunity for the right candidate to build a robust data science and analytics environment from the ground up. You&rsquo;ll be working with a small team of professionals based remotely. Hours are flexible. Two scheduled check-ins/code reviews are required weekly. 
&nbsp; 
 Responsibilities   
&nbsp;  
Collaborate with team to align architecture with business requirements 
Stand up, test and maintain databases and information architecture 
Build tools to automate data acquisition and aggregation 
Develop data models and table schemas 
Identify ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality 
Deploy sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning and statistical methods 
Prepare data for predictive and prescriptive modeling 
Use data to discover tasks that can be automated 
Develop data visualizations, dashboards, reports and notification tools that respond to business needs 
Design analytical models that support analysis and inference. 

  
 Skills and experience: 

   
Computer science degree or equivalent with 2+ years data engineering and/or full stack developer experience 
Background in data science or equivalent continuing education 
Strong knowledge of Python 3 
Experience in developing and maintaining SQL databases and writing SQL queries; NoSQL (MongoDB) experience preferred but not required 
Experience establishing and maintaining AWS, Google Cloud, Heroku, Tableau or similar cloud-based environments 
Knowledge of HTML, CSS and JS and lightweight web frameworks such as Django, Flask 
Familiarity with database administration tools and best practices 
Background in extracting and storing data from APIs preferred but not required 
Background in deploying machine learning models to production preferred but not required 
Knowledge of Git/GitHub and software development workflows 
Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
Ability to summarize key findings into clear and actionable recommendations, and to interact with individuals at all levels.
Strong project management skills and ability to plan and prioritize work in a fast-paced environment.  

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future 
&nbsp; 
 To apply:  
&nbsp; Please send a link to your work samples on Github and a copy of your resume to:   jmoore@jmstechsolutions.com     

Job Summary

                                         
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
