Sr. Data Scientist IMMEDIATE NEED for a Sr. Data Scientist on a Direct Hire basis with our Healthcare client located in Long Beach, Ca. Great opportunity to join on the ground floor and to help this client support some exciting initiatives. Responsibilities: This position will function as a Technical SME on Data Science. Great opportunity to work on projects involving Natural language Processing (NLP), Speech Analytics, Machine Learning, and other statistical Modeling. Focus is on Customer Experience and clinical data initiatives This position will work at both a strategic and at an operational level – and will be working across IT and Business Stakeholders at various levels and across the enterprise organization. Qualifications: 5 years of experience writing statistically-related code in Python is mandatory. Experience in R and SAS are a strong plus. Experience with common data science / ML toolkits in Python - including libraries such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, and Scikit-Learn. Experience with at least one deep learning framework: Keras, Tensorflow, Torch, etc. Experience in Python NLP libraries including Spacy, Gensim and NLTK preferred. Strong knowledge of Natural Language Processing techniques such as Named Entity Recognition, Dependency parsing, Topic Modeling, TF-IDF scoring, Sentiment analysis, and Word vectors (e.g. GloVe or Word2Vec) required. A strong plus is experience using quantitative methods: Modeling, machine learning, feature creation, construct analysis, multivariate statistical analysis and model building, and predictive modeling. Experience working with speech/audio data  a strong plus. Clinical code knowledge related to claims/utilization, a strong plus. Experience in a Medicare Advantage environment, a strong plus . Please send your resume to Marc Rodriguez, Senior Technical Recruiter for immediate consideration. You can also connect with Marc Rodriguez on linkedin at: linkedin.com/in/technicalrecruiter Let us help you secure an interview! ABOUT US Irvine Technology Corporation (ITC) is an award-winning Information Technology Solutions and Staffing provider with roots in Southern California. For over fifteen years, we have had the privilege of serving exceptional client organizations as both a local and national resource. Our team is comprised of seasoned technologists, staffing industry thought leaders, top-notch recruiters, dedicated account executives, and a world class support staff.
