Top Skills: -Data Scientist -Customer Requirements Gathering -SQL Role Description Applies developed subject matter knowledge to solve common and complex data analytics business issues within the Health and Life Sciences domain using established guidelines and recommends appropriate solutions. Works on problems of diverse complexity and scope. May act as a team or project leader providing direction to team activities and facilitates information validation and team decision making process. Exercises independent judgment within generally defined policies and practices to identify and select a solution. Ability to handle most unique situations. Seeks advice in order to make decisions on complex business issues. Responsibilities -- Conduct big data analytics using SQL, Python and R. Provide rationale for decisions to both internal teams and during client meetings -- Apply scientific rigor to ad hoc data analytic problems presented by internal teams or client -- Interpret and model rules and create the required rules flow utilizing python and Corticon. -- Developing Business Rules using Corticon Rules Engine vocabulary and requirements traceability matrices. -- Troubleshoots the Corticon Business Rules Server operations using the logs and exception messages it produces. -- Validating rules utilizing R and other analytics tools. -- Analysing algorithm outputs utilizing SQL, Python, and R. -- Participates as a member of development team or teams; may lead a small development team. -- Designs units for others. Completes development to implement complex components. -- Contributes to design activities; may design solutions. -- Develops independently; participates in code reviews and may lead code reviews. May lead and provide mentoring and guidance to less senior developers. -- Designs, prepares and executes unit tests. -- Applies in-depth or broad technical knowledge to maintain one or more technology areas (e.g. Data Analytics and ETL). -- Applies company and 3rd party technologies to software solutions of moderate complexity. -- Independently implements end-user or enterprise solutions or services prepared by more senior technologists for more complex solutions. Education and Experience -- Typically a technical Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience and a minimum of 6 years related experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 4 years of experience. Prefer experience or education in statistics. -- Working knowledge of rules engine architecture and implementation. -- Experience working within the Health and Life Sciences domain, State Medicaid, and / or Health Insurance Plans. -- Track record of implementing solutions in Agile, Iterative and Waterfall development environments. Knowledge and Skills -- More than 6 years of experience writing code using languages such as (and not limited to); Rules Engine, Python, R (R Project for Statistical Computing). Use of these languages for the purpose of data aggregation and analysis. -- Understanding of machine learning techniques, where they are applicable and how to use them -- Ability to work with Data Analytics and web- development tools for new applications. -- Tableau experience a plus. -- Basic Understanding of RDBMS databases such Vertica, SQL Server and Oracle. Basic understanding of modern software design and development methodologies. -- Strong understanding of modern SCM (software configuration management). GIT experience a plus. -- Strong understanding basic Database Administration. Able to apply consistently quality and HIPPA security standards. -- Excellent verbal and written communication skills. -- Developing general project management/team leader skills. Ability to work effectively in a team and with clients. Impact/Scope -- May assign work to others. -- Provides time / resource estimates for assigned tasks. -- May provide time / resource estimates for assigned projects. Complexity -- Designs and implement solution components. May design solutions. This person will sit in Dublin, OH but may occasionally be asked to travel downtown for customer meetings. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
