Job Title: Data Scientist Location: Bakersfield CA Duration: 6+ months CTH Local candidates required Job Description: Description: The Data Scientist will be responsible for identifying and framing opportunities to apply advanced analytics, modeling, and related technologies to data in order to help Client businesses gain insight and improve decision making, work flow, and automation. This will be a contract to hire position, and the contract duration will be approximately 6 months before converting to Full-Time. Required Qualifications: * Bachelor or Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics or other closely related field * 5+ years of experience in applying advanced analytics techniques (data science specific modeling skills- Monte Carlo simulation, statistical lodging, fuzzy logic, etc.) within Enterprise organization required * 3+ years working experience in advanced analytics technologies (data science, operations research, statistics, data mining) * Experience in implementing advance analytics projects; working knowledge of Hadoop and tools in its ecosystem; Proficiency in Python, R and SQL. * Candidates local to Bakersfield area required. Preferred Qualifications: * Previous data science experience in Oil/Gas Industry preferred * Teradata experience preferred. * Ability to engage business and technical experts at all organizational levels and assess opportunities to apply data science analytics to improve their workflows and deliver information and insight to support business decisions. * Ability to communicate in a clear, concise, and understandable manner both orally and in writing. Listens carefully and asks questions to understand the views, concerns, and comments of others. * Flexible and able to adapt to changing work priorities and deliver high quality, accurate work with multiple deadlines. Education: Bachelor or Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics or other closely related field Responsibilities for this position may include but are not limited to: * Identifying and framing opportunities to apply advanced analytics, modeling, and related technologies to data in order to help Client businesses gain insight and improve decision making, work flow, and automation. * Understanding value of proposed opportunity. * Identifying data necessary and appropriate technology to solve business challenges identified. * Articulate a vision and roadmap for the exploitation of data as a valued corporate asset. * Influence product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations. * Use advanced analytics methods to extract value from business data. * Visualize data in a meaningful way that allows the business to quickly draw conclusions and make decisions. * Cleaning data, developing models, and testing models. * Establishing the life cycle management process for models. Travel Requirements: None Interview Process: In-person interviews will be scheduled Tuesday 5/28/2019 - Friday 5/31/2019 *Notes : 1. Demonstrate working knowledge and experience in data model development using data science tools, methodology, and technology 2. Ability to communicate clearly with stakeholders and translate into IT language, as well as translate technical language for the business. 3. Work in team environment, ability to mentor and teach other team members
