Job Description Enterprise Finance & Information Technology offers technology and services that exceed Wells Fargo customers’ expectations and directly enable them to succeed financially. We interact with customers more than 12 billion times a year through in-store, online, ATM, and telephone transactions. We impact customers directly, through systems availability and security, as well as indirectly, through our business partners who offer and deliver a myriad of products and services that meet customers’ financial needs. We provide a competitive advantage for the company through excellence in fundamentals, integrated partnerships, and our talented and engaged team members. The Enterprise Analytics and Data Science team is looking for a data scientist with natural analytic curiosity, who takes the initiative to offer ideas and add value with limited direction.  This role will be responsible for performing text analysis and advanced analytics supporting LOBs across the enterprise.  This includes using machine learning techniques and programming languages to derive relevant analysis and metrics, including building proof of concepts to determine value of implementing in future projects. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: As part of a team focused on understanding the customer experience across the organization, the data scientist will work with business partners to understand the business objectives, explore data sources and build NLP/ML solutions.  The ideal candidate will be able to think outside the box to uncover new ways to analyze unstructured data leveraging our Open Source Data Science Platform (OSDS) and other analytical tools to solve complex business objectives. Data Management and Insights (DMI), which offers Chief Data Office capabilities to Wells Fargo, focuses on leveraging data as a strategic asset.  Data is critical to Wells Fargo’s continued success, deepening relationships with our customers, creating a seamless and convenient multi-channel experience, and meeting our commitment to satisfy our customers’ financial needs.  DMI defines how we use information across the company, align our business practices and support our continued focus on great customer experience. Required Qualifications 8+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 5+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling 5+ years of design, implementation and governance experience with Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing or Machine Learning architecture 5 + years of experience using quantitative machine learning techniques 5 + years of text analytics experience 5+ years of Python experience Desired Qualifications Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 2+ years of experience with H2O software or Keras with TensorFlow 5+ years of statistical modeling experience Experience with Spark, Hive and Kafka Cloud computing experience Other Desired Qualifications Knowledge and/or experience with the following: • Common NLP techniques, such as o Pre-processing (tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, parsing, stemming) o Semantic analysis (named entity recognition, sentiment analysis) o Modeling and word representations (RNN / ConvNets, TF-IDF, LDA, Word2Vec) • Working with data science workbench solutions (Dataiku, IBM DSX, Domino) Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
