Job Title Samples Data Scientist Position Overview Position Overview: The Samples Data Scientist is responsible for modeling complex business problems and discovering business insights through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining, and visualization techniques.  Will work with multiple areas to acquire and understand sample datasets and the structure of the data. Will be comfortable supporting the data needs for multiple teams, systems and vendor dashboards that give insights, management reporting and analysis that lead to data driven decision making processes.  The candidate will need to develop business acumen with accounting, customer service, marketing & samples to uncover better business outcomes, greater sample utilization with finished goods & consumer swatches. Responsibilities: Establish strong cross-functional relationships to fully understand the business and factors of success in the industry. Create data tools for analytics to support our next generation samples data initiatives. Understand and apply data knowledge to business applications across samples to support Supply Chain, Marketing, Sales and Samples operation. Translates business needs into analytics to support business decisions and workflows. Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements by automating manual processes and optimizing samples data. Proactively mines data warehouses to identify trends, patterns and generates insights for the samples business. Performs large scale experimentation to identify hidden relationships between variables in large datasets. Build analytics tools that provide actionable insights into customer trends, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics. Visualizes information and develops engaging presentations on the results of data analysis using data visualization tools Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems to increase OTIF accuracy, sample effectiveness for finished goods and consumer swatches. Create predictive sample financial reporting. Required Competencies:   Build Trusting Relationships Demonstrate Strategic Influence Deliver Compelling Communication Drive Execution/Results Exercise Business Acumen Requirements: 2 or 4 year Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics OR High School Diploma/GED and 2+ years of experience using big data. Experience using SQL required. Understanding of database structures & relationships. Experience using big data analytic tools such as Hadoop, Splunk, Spark, Qlikview, Tableau, etc... Effectively work with large amounts of data and identify key trends. Experience performing root cause analysis to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Strong analytical skills working with unstructured datasets. A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large amounts of data. Ability to present data in a logical, concise manner. Ability to explain data and metrics to a non-technical audience. Strong project management, facilitation and organizational skills. Ability to Develop direct reports and build a successful team. Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment. #shawjobs Work Shift 8 hour, day shift Our Nation’s veterans bring an extraordinary array of skills and training to any position. Shaw actively works to understand how these skills can translate to our job categories.Shaw will consider an applicant’s military service and work experience when determining whether a candidate meets the requirements of a posted job.  Shaw values Diversity & Inclusion. We are an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Veterans & Disabled.
