Corporate Overview Hubbell Incorporated was founded in 1888 and has grown into an international manufacturer of quality electrical, lighting and power solutions with more than 75 brands used and recognized around the world. Our founder, Harvey Hubbell, developed tooling and equipment to serve the growing demand for new assembly and manufacturing machinery during the industrial revolution. An early, and one of many patents awarded, came for the creation of the first practical method to control electricity through the pull chain socket that remains unchanged today. As a market leader in reliable, electrical solutions, we provide more than half a million products delivered through our various business groups. Hubbell is committed to continually innovating solutions that work, transforming old products with new ideas, and ensuring that we Energize, Enlighten and Empower the communities that support us. Posting Address 50 Tower Lane Avon, CT 06001 *AC Position Overview There’s an evolution happening in Avon, CT. iDevices, a preeminent brand in the smart home industry, is building “The Silicon Valley in the Farmington Valley”. With a comprehensive product line of both plug-and-play and in-wall solutions, iDevices manufactures connected power, lighting, and climate control solutions for homeowners, professional installers, and builders alike. iDevices seamlessly connects people to their worlds with sophisticated technology that enhances everyday life. If you thrive at the intersection of Technology and Creativity – then we want you to join our evolution! We are seeking individuals with data science and/or machine learning experience to join our Advanced Research and Development (ARD) team.  ARD is responsible for evaluating and prototyping various new technologies for use in current and future products.  Individuals in this role will help our team transform data into meaningful and contextually relevant user experiences, targeting both internal and external customers.  Our team members are skilled in multiple disciplines across various embedded, mobile, and cloud platforms, with the ability to quickly pick up new frameworks and tools. Duties and Responsibilities Design, develop, and analyze custom models for a wide range of internal and external customer use cases, including but not limited to business insights, anomaly detection, audio and video analytics Harvest data from various sources, building an efficient data pipeline to aid in model training, evaluation, and active learning Help to optimize inference runtime engines to minimize embedded system resources, specifically memory and processor usage Develop scripts to aid in automated unit, regression, and integration tests to meet quality expectations. Understand appropriate verification practices and tools Support hardware/software integration and software validation Interpret, understand, and provide feedback on software requirements for active projects Work and interface with cross-functional design teams Develop code that is consistently well documented and maintainable Assess, utilize and integrate third party and open source software Support system integration and quality assurance and provide post production support Evaluate and recommend tools, technologies, and processes Skills and Experience Required Qualifications BS or MS in either Computer Science or Computer Engineering Proficiency with C/C++, Python, and shell scripting Experience with ML frameworks: TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, MXNet, etc. Comptence in GIT version control Experience in macOS and Linux development environments Understanding of real-time software concerns like multi-threading and concurrency Knowledge and understanding of network protocols, including TCP and UDP Understanding of object-oriented development Excellent written and oral communication skills Desired Qualifications Familiarity with nueral network architectures: CNN, RNN, GAN, etc. Experience with public cloud providers: AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, etc. Experience with embedded runtime / inference engines: TensorFlow Lite, TensorRT, etc. Experience in mobile platforms: iOS and/or Android Familiarity with CI/CD concepts within an ML environement Prior work experience in embedded software development Familiarity with Embedded Linux runtime environments Knowledge and understanding of network security concepts and cryptography Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Science Masters Degree in Computer Science Hubbell Incorporated, its subsidiaries and affiliates, is an EO Employer AA: M/F/Veteran/Disability. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other protected class.
