Data Scientist BCforward is seeking a highly motivated Data Scientist in Indianapolis, IN. Expected Duration: 6 Months Contract Purpose of Position/Summary: The Junior Data Scientist position will work with agency partners and outside stakeholders to gather and analyze data regarding a variety of issues and topics in order to develop data driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Requirements: Minimum bachelor's degree in statistics, math, computer science, informatics, economics, or related fields. Advanced degrees in above subject areas preferred Approx. 2-3 years related data/statistical analysis or equivalent education MUST HAVE basic experience/understanding of SQL (please make sure this experience is clear in bid comment) R Language or Python nice to have Critical thinking and problem solving is a must have. Any experience in education and early childhood programs and data with content knowledge would be nice. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams; Ability to analyze policies and procedures and be able to recommend improvements; Excellent oral and written communication skills; Ability to work independently, anticipate problems and initiate corrective actions; Ability to effectively prioritize a variety of projects and functions; Ability to research and document findings; Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships. Duties and Responsibilities: Works with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business solutions Munges, cleans, and prepares data Mines and analyzes data from databases to drive optimization and improvement of program development, marketing techniques and business strategies; Assesses the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques; Performs exploratory data analysis in order to understand data; Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently; Develops analytic and predicative models for business needs; Coordinates with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes Create meaningful visualizations that communicate information and answers; Performs related duties as assigned. Contact Name: Ravi Teja How to Apply: To apply for this posting please send your resume to ravi.teja(@)bcforward.com About BCforward BCforward began as an IT business solutions and staffing firm. Founded in 1998, BCforward has grown with our customers' needs into a full-service personnel solution's organization. BCForward's headquarters are in Indianapolis, Indiana and operates delivery centers in 17 locations in North America as well as Hyderabad, India and Puerto Rico. We are currently the largest consulting firm and largest MBE certified firm headquartered in Indiana. With 14+ years of uninterrupted growth, the addition of two brands (Stafforward and PMforward) and a team of more than 1400 resources our teams deliver services for multiple industries from both public and private sectors. BCForward's team of dedicated staffing professionals has placed thousands of talented people over the past decade, with retention rates that are consistently higher than the industry average. www.bcforward.com Interested candidates please send resume in Word format Please reference job code 85774 when responding to this ad.
