Data Scientist Opening in Boston, MA! Apex Systems combines with parent company On Assignment to make it the 2nd largest IT staffing agency in the country. Apex has an opportunity for a Data Scientist role in the Boston area. This is a 6 month contract position and the pay rate is flexible depending on experience. Here are the details:                         For applicants who are interested in this Data Scientist opportunity; please send a Word resume to Matthew Bonvouloir, Technical Recruiter, at mbonvouloir@apexsystems.com. Position: Data Scientist Apex Job ID: 972542 Location: Boston, MA Rate: Negotiable Based on Experience Duration: 6 months Position Description: Our large Financial Client in Boston is looking for a Data Scientist to apply modern Machine Learning and Data Science practices to Asset Management. In this role, the candidate will be building critical solutions that will benefit our Clients' clients for years to come. Our Client works closely with business stakeholders, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value.  The ideal candidate will partner with stakeholders to create business and technical requirements, transform large volumes of data into AI-driven solutions using innovative open source technologies. The ideal candidate will combine expert ML knowledge with hands on experience building algorithms, and outstanding business skills. Required Skills: 1.  Minimum Master’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine  Learning or related technical fields 2.  3+ years experience as a Data Science professional with focus on developing and deploying practical solutions for business problems 3.  Strong programming skills in Python/R/MATLAB/Spark/Scala and SQL  4.  Hands on experience developing and deploying supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc.) Desired Skills (not required but candidate will have exposure to these skills in this role): 1.  Experience with financial data sets 2.  Solid skills in algorithm development and predictive modeling Additional Benefits: For this opportunity, you will also be eligible for benefits through Apex for the contract period, 401K, medical/health benefits options, a W2 hourly rate, weekly pay, and direct deposit! EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at   844-463-6178-6178. EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
