Company Overview Our client is a direct access electronic broker catering to the needs of professional and frequent traders, institutional investors, financial advisors, and introducing brokers. It's clients have access to more than 120 market centers in 31 countries from a single account. We are the lowest cost provider of brokerage services and the largest U.S. electronic broker based on daily average revenue trades executing 950,000 trades per day.  Employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. Client is looking for a junior Data Scientist. The successful candidate will execute analytical tasks on large data sets to support decision makers and provide insight and reports about our platforms. The data scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can better serve them by identifying interesting and useful trends in our data. You will make an impact by using your passion for data and analysis to generate actionable insights that we will use to improve the experience for our clients. The position responsibilities include but are not limited to: Collect and analyze various telemetry and behavioral data Produce daily metrics and reports Clean and prepare data for Machine Learning and A.I. Assist with designing and running A/B tests Automate frequently used reporting and data analysis workflows Work closely with software engineers and architects to extract, transform and standardize data for optimal use for analytic tools   |Company Overview Our client is a direct access electronic broker catering to the needs of professional and frequent traders, institutional investors, financial advisors, and introducing brokers. It's clients have access to more than 120 market centers in 31 countries from a single account. We are the lowest cost provider of brokerage services and the largest U.S. electronic broker based on daily average revenue trades executing 950,000 trades per day.  Employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools. |Client is looking for a junior Data Scientist. The successful candidate will execute analytical tasks on large data sets to support decision makers and provide insight and reports about our platforms. The data scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can better serve them by identifying interesting and useful trends in our data. You will make an impact by using your passion for data and analysis to generate actionable insights that we will use to improve the experience for our clients. The position responsibilities include but are not limited to:
