Ref ID: 04951-9501974535 Classification: Application Development Compensation: $60.00 to $65.00 per hour Lead Enterprise Data Scientist Description We are looking for an experienced Lead Enterprise Data Scientist for the Fort Worth, TX. As one of the initial data scientists on the team, you will be a founding member of helping to build and unite a community around data-driven values. We have invested heavily in our data infrastructure with both top-down and bottom-up support for a data warehouse, data catalog, and data science workbench. You will be utilizing these resources to analyze data and build predictive solutions. Job Summary: Designing and implementing advanced models and analytics to self-disrupt and change the way we work, creating massive business and customer value in the process Collaborating with team members to build machine learning and artificial intelligence solutions from development through testing and validation Working with the latest open source tools, libraries, platforms, and languages to explore large, complex, and dynamic data sources for relationships and actionable insights Investigating the impact of new technologies on the future of complex manufacturing and future vertical lift Advises IT Data Engineers to build, automate, and/or maintain a set of enterprise-wide data services (data lake) and connectors for internal and external data sources that can be rapidly deployed to business analysts. Awareness of data engineering tools such as Kafka, Spark and Airflow are a bonus. Making build vs use decisions on variety of open source products / implementations in Artificial Intelligence (AI) / Machine Learning (ML) space Qualifications Education and Related Experience Requirements: A Bachelor's degree plus 9 years of experience in Data Science OR a Master's degree plus 7 years of relevant Data Science experience OR a Doctoral degree plus 5 years of Data Science experience. An Associate's degree plus 11 years of experience in Data Science may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Degree?s considered: Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, Astronomy, Bioinformatics or Computer Science. Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university. Skills and Competencies Sought Includes: At least 7 years of advanced Predicative Modeling and Analytics skills including Probability Theory, Regression, Classification, Multivariate Time Series, and related statistics. Passion for rigorous analysis of data including supervised learning, unsupervised learning, reinforcement learning and natural language processing Proven ability to generate and effectively communicate analytical insights through visualization and reporting tools (SAS, JMP, MS Power BI, HANA, Qlik, R Markdown). Mastery required in database languages; MSSQL and Oracle. Mastery required in data science object-oriented programming languages including Python and R. Tenacity, integrity, persistence, and willingness to learn Proven ability to solve complex problems Uses critical thinking and reasoning to make analytic determinations Works effectively in a collaborative environment Strong interpersonal and communications skills to both technical and non-technical audiences If interested please email your resume to trisha.barnett@rht.com
