Essential Duties:   The successful applicant will conduct research in support of the Coastal Aquaculture Siting and Sustainability (CASS) Program headquartered at the NOAA National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science (NCCOS) laboratory in Beaufort, North Carolina.  This position will support data acquisition and processing of marine spatial planning data supporting aquaculture screening and siting in U.S. coastal waters. Specific duties include: 1.     Acquire biogeophysical data for coastal U.S. waters 2.     Create and update of GIS data layers as requested for use in GIS applications 3.     Organize and process data at various resolution and spatial scales 4.     Integrate GIS with various existing datasets 5.     Establish data rules and relationships to maintain data integrity and to simplify data entry through defining network and topology rules 6.     Assign and maintain domains and subtypes. Ensure best available data is being used across the spectrum of GIS datasets Qualifications Minimum requirements include: 1.     B.S. or M.S. (preferred) in Computer Science, Geographic Information Systems, Information Technology or related field. 2.     At least 2 years of relevant experience in spatial data management required.  Applicants may substitute additional relevant education for required experience. 3.     Demonstrated proficiency in ArcMap 10.X, ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS online 4.     Demonstrated knowledge of database design principles and the ability to organize and manage GIS data and create relevant metadata for GIS data products 5.     Demonstrated knowledge of geometric networks 6.     Proficient in the methods, practices, and techniques of data processing 7.     Basic knowledge of marine biology or related discipline 8.     Demonstrated ability to work in the Windows operating system environment, and proficiency in MS Word and Excel.  9.     Ability to maintain focus and quality on routine and repetitive tasks 10.  Ability to be flexible in responding to changes in schedules and job priorities 11.  Ability to work flexible hours, including some long days and infrequently on weekends 12.  Ability to work independently and in a team environment 13.  Ability to follow safety standards and conduct work in an environmentally conscientious manner 14.  A valid US driver’s license 15.  Ability to work in the US without sponsorship CSS, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. #CB
