MUST BE LOCAL TO MN As a primary job function, you will analyze the behavior of a sophisticated AI engine that is responsible for programmatic personalization. The engine emits a number of large, fine-grained data topics, and you will use this data to provide insights and answer questions. In so doing, you will learn the behavior of the engine and drive improvements to the personalization platform that contains it.   This role requires critical thinking skills to synthesize data and present findings to all levels of the organization. This role is primarily in service of internal business clients who are using the AI engine to drive customer utility and revenue benefit. Our clients have ad hoc analytical questions like: •                What is the effectiveness of the current contextual features that we are using to make personalized selections? •                What is the general effectiveness, both contextually and non-contextually, of the consideration set available for selection? •                How should a reward function be tuned to allocate customers to various positive outcomes? (E.g., how do we balance soliciting warranties versus credit card applications versus increasing basket size?) •                How can new decisions within the enterprise be designed to fully leverage the AI engine, what features, and rewards should we use, and how can we measure the benefit of the AI engine as compares to control? ·          Develop requirements and visualizations for a standard suite of reports on AI engine efficacy. ·          Partner with teams within the organization to devise methods to assess the financial benefit of utilizing the AI engine through standard A/B testing. ·          Consulting with other internal analytics teams and ML model building teams. ·          Providing training and education related to applied statistics and online experimentation to the broader organization and team. ·          Help understand how to evolve the AI platform roadmap in terms of customer-facing functionality, such as ways to configure the engine from a business user perspective. ·          Understand the AI engine from a white-box perspective and be able to assess Production behavior in terms of data quality and reliability. ·          Develop solutions using advanced analytics and machine learning techniques, such as prediction and forecasting, classification, NLP methods, recommendation engines and probabilistic programming ·          Leverage your knowledge of programming, mathematics and computer science to develop or improve our solutions. Translate business opportunities into data-driven machine learning, big data and modeling solutions that revamp our processes or produce data products. | As a primary job function, you will analyze the behavior of a sophisticated AI engine that is responsible for programmatic personalization. The engine emits a number of large, fine-grained data topics, and you will use this data to provide insights and answer questions. In so doing, you will learn the behavior of the engine and drive improvements to the personalization platform that contains it. |   | This role requires critical thinking skills to synthesize data and present findings to all levels of the organization. This role is primarily in service of internal business clients who are using the AI engine to drive customer utility and revenue benefit. Our clients have ad hoc analytical questions like: | •                What is the effectiveness of the current contextual features that we are using to make personalized selections? | •                What is the general effectiveness, both contextually and non-contextually, of the consideration set available for selection? | •                How should a reward function be tuned to allocate customers to various positive outcomes? (E.g., how do we balance soliciting warranties versus credit card applications versus increasing basket size?) | •                How can new decisions within the enterprise be designed to fully leverage the AI engine, what features, and rewards should we use, and how can we measure the benefit of the AI engine as compares to control? |·          |Develop requirements and visualizations for a standard suite of reports on AI engine efficacy.|·          |Partner with teams within the organization to devise methods to assess the financial benefit of utilizing the AI engine through standard A/B testing.|·          |Consulting with other internal analytics teams and ML model building teams.|·          |Providing training and education related to applied statistics and online experimentation to the broader organization and team.|·          |Help understand how to evolve the AI platform roadmap in terms of customer-facing functionality, such as ways to configure the engine from a business user perspective.|·          |Understand the AI engine from a white-box perspective and be able to assess Production behavior in terms of data quality and reliability.|·          |Develop solutions using advanced analytics and machine learning techniques, such as prediction and forecasting, classification, NLP methods, recommendation engines and probabilistic programming|·          |Leverage your knowledge of programming, mathematics and computer science to develop or improve our solutions.|Translate business opportunities into data-driven machine learning, big data and modeling solutions that revamp our processes or produce data products.
