Data Scientist/Analytics Developer- Chicago, IL-Perm-100k+ Position: Data Scientist Technology: Big Data Location: Chicago, IL Job Type: Permanent About the Role: Ready to work with cutting edge technology filled with a great work environment where you will feel relaxed and excited to challenge yourself? Well it's a good thing you specialize in Azure Big Data! Our client has an exciting role opening up for a junior level data scientist/analytics developer. This role gives allows you to work on cloud-based structures, data pipelines. In addition, this role will give you the opportunity to build the infrastructure and develop your own methods of experience. The candidate has prior experience in Microsoft Azure (data factory, data warehouse) and is familiar with Power BI, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS. The ideal candidate has experience with experience in Azure IOT, Azure Analytics, Hadoop, and Spark. **Must have C# or .NET developing experience** What you Bring to the table: Big Data implementation experience Data Visualization experience using Power BI NoSQL data stores SQL Server, SQL queries and experience in System Integration and Data Transformation/ETL Proficiency in data mining, statistical analysis and modeling of large scale, complex data sets Proficiency in manipulating, extracting and presenting big data set in a concise and meaningful way to deliver business value to our customers Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or work experience equivalent. 2+ years of relevant IT experience in a data science field Strong verbal and written communication skills Passionate self-starter, able to prioritize tasks and manage time effectively Ability to take ownership of projects to ensure high quality and successful on-time completion Continually learn and enhance your skill set to keep up with modern advances in technology Design innovative approaches to view and interact with data for analysis What they can give you : competitive salary Generous PTO cutting edge technology full health insurance packages 401K+ match beautiful facility Commuter benefits Career growth Work life Balance Remote Flexibility For all inquiries, I can be contacted at m.pollak@nigelfrank.com or by calling 646.863.7598 (ext. 7598). I'm eagerly looking forward to helping you advance your career! What's in it for you: These roles don't last long on the market. Be in touch quickly and I can place you with your desired job in a timely manner. Don't hesitate to achieve the better job you are looking for and want now. Please send your resume and I'm excited to meet with you. I am unlike other recruiters in that I thrive on building our relationship and making it more personal to ensure working together is a happy experience for you! Nigel Frank International is the Global Leader in Microsoft Azure recruitment. We are a part of Frank Recruitment Group, one of the most successful global recruitment businesses in the last 10 years and backed by private equity firm TPG Growth.
