 Our Miami Beach based client is l ooking for a superstar to help shape the future of healthcare. Join a dynamic, exciting company in a hyper-growth industry on the cutting edge in revolutionizing healthcare. This is a unique opportunity and time of rapid change in the Healthcare Technology industry.   Data Science Manager , you will be contributing in the development of solutions on the leading-edge using Artificial Intelligence, NLP, voice and other technologies to fundamentally change how we care.  As a Statistical Data Science Analyst, you will help strategize, plan, organize, architect, implement, manage and drive the companies’ data science, reporting systems and data architecture initiatives About You Data science is your passion. Visualizing data in creative, useful and impactful ways to help gather insights that may have impact in people’s lives really drives you. You love the entrepreneurial environment of an early stage start-up company and are eager to roll your sleeves up to get it done. Hunger for growth, contribution, and desire to make a difference You Create and implement data archive systems. You harness the power of data to better forecast patient engagement trends, build the reports that measure effectiveness/efficiency and present patient management program findings You are go-to leader for all things related to data, methodology and analysis You develop deep context about the organization initiatives and help shape strategy through data You conceptualize, create, iterate and maintain reports and data mining methods for tracking key metrics and driving business recommendation You ensure the consistent application while refining and improving metrics as the company’s challenges and data evolves You have superior time management skills and superior interpersonal skills for building and maintaining successful relationships. You are motivated, goal oriented, persistent and a skilled negotiator You have a high level of initiative and work well in a team environment and deadlines Persistency, efficiency, dedication, and a strong work ethic Able to work extended hours and weekends if needed You have experience applying statistical methods to data such as regression, psychometrics, factor analysis, research design, longitudinal analysis, etc You are a highly analytical and curious mindset that is able to iteratively define relevant metrics and translate analytic insights to drive strategy, action and recommendation |ooking for a superstar to help shape the future of healthcare. |Join a dynamic, exciting company in a hyper-growth industry on the cutting edge in revolutionizing healthcare. This is a unique opportunity and time of rapid change in the Healthcare Technology industry.  |, |you will be contributing in the development of solutions on the leading-edge using |Artificial Intelligence, NLP, voice and other technologies to fundamentally change how we care. | As a Statistical Data Science Analyst, |you will help strategize, plan, organize, architect, implement, manage and drive the companies’ data science, reporting systems and data architecture initiatives| Data science is your passion. Visualizing data in creative, useful and impactful ways to help gather insights that may have impact in people’s lives really drives you. You love the entrepreneurial environment of an early stage start-up company and are eager to roll your sleeves up to get it done. Hunger for growth, contribution, and desire to make a difference You Create and implement data archive systems. You harness the power of data to better forecast patient engagement trends, build the reports that measure effectiveness/efficiency and present patient management program findings You are go-to leader for all things related to data, methodology and analysis You develop deep context about the organization initiatives and help shape strategy through data You conceptualize, create, iterate and maintain reports and data mining methods for tracking key metrics and driving business recommendation You ensure the consistent application while refining and improving metrics as the company’s challenges and data evolves You have superior time management skills and superior interpersonal skills for building and maintaining successful relationships. You are motivated, goal oriented, persistent and a skilled negotiator You have a high level of initiative and work well in a team environment and deadlines Persistency, efficiency, dedication, and a strong work ethic Able to work extended hours and weekends if needed You have experience applying statistical methods to data such as regression, psychometrics, factor analysis, research design, longitudinal analysis, etc You are a highly analytical and curious mindset that is able to iteratively define relevant metrics and translate analytic insights to drive strategy, action and recommendation 
