 Kelly Services is hiring a Data Scientist for a contract opportunity in Santa Clara, CA. For immediate consideration, please email your resume directly to kim.hewlen@kellyservices.com as well as apply online.  Data Scientist Santa Clara, CA Contract position We're seeking a Data Scientist in Santa Clara, CA with knowledge of computer networking to develop training datasets for a machine learning based, cybersecurity project. A successful candidate for this position will be experienced with standard data science tools and practices including Python, Numpy, Pandas, data cleaning and preprocessing, as well as being familiar with network protocols and tools such as Wireshark, Ostinato, GNS3. The candidate should be confident working alone to solve problems, and comfortable presenting their findings to other engineers. Skills and qualifications required, not limited to the following: More than three years of relevant experience. Experience cleaning, processing, and transforming data in Python tools Numpy, and Pandas. Understanding of dataset best practices including, train/val/test splits, class (im)balance, outlier detection/removal. Writing bash or similar scripts for the automation of software simulations with multiple configurations. Configuring virtual machines or Docker containers to run standalone simulations. Ability to work independently. MS Office. Min. Education: MS in Data Science. Desired skills include: Experience creating networks using software network simulation tools like GNS3 or NS-3. Crafting packets with tools such as Scapy, Kamene, or Ostinato. Why Kelly®? With Kelly, you’ll have direct connections to leading IT organizations in the best companies around the globe—offering you the chance to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative and high- visibility projects. In a field where change is the only constant, our connections and opportunities will help you take your career exactly where you want to go. We work with 95 of the Fortune 100™ companies, and more than 3,000 IT hiring managers turn to us each year to access the best talent: people like you. Last year we found 8,000 opportunities for IT professionals. Let us help advance your career today. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world and have a role in connecting thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners. Revenue in 2017 was $5.4 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law. 
