 JOB TITLE: Data Scientist Required work experience: R Programming Python SQL Strong communicator Hadoop a bonus BS or MBA in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Advanced Analytics, or Data Mining. Specific data science or advanced analytics certificates combined with experience may be substituted. 5+ year’s professional experience working within the business intelligence or data science field with experience in development of advanced analytics. Experience and skills in data mining, data analysis, data tools, design, build and implementation of models, algorithms as well as creating, running and interpretation of simulations. Experience using web services for data science such as Azure, AWS, Google or Redshift. Solid experience with R and other data science toolkits and supporting MPP data engines such as GreenPlum. Knowledge and experience using statistical computer languages to manipulate data, develop insights from large data sets and make recommendations on actions. Languages such as R, Python and SQL are essential. Experience in procedural languages such as C, C++, Java, and MATLAB. Knowledgeable of different machine learning techniques such as clustering, decision tree learning, Naïve Bayes, artificial neural networks, supervised classification and knowing when to apply each, their advantages and drawbacks. Proficiency with advanced statistical techniques such as various regression modeling (linear, logistic, polynomial, etc.), various forecasting methods, distribution properties and experience with applications. General knowledge of various data mining techniques such as tracking patterns, classification, association, outlier, clustering, regression and prediction for examples. Solid knowledge and experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI, Tableau, GGPlot and presenting for stakeholders. Proficiency with distributed/computing data tools such as Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive and Spark. Proficiency with various types of NoSQL databases (document, column, graph, key-value stores, etc.). Please apply online or email joseph.paolozzi@scom-usa.com If you don’t meet these requirements, but are interested in other Scom or Corestaff Services opportunities, please register with us online at ess.impellam.com s•com is an Equal Opportunity Employer - All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful under applicable law. 
