Data Scientist As a Data Scientist, you will be delivering solutions for my client's company while leveraging your experience in data analysis and data mining to drive the user engagement. As a Data Scientist, you will bring a curiosity about how the consumers search in information and match that with a strong technical ability to analyze large data sets, reveal insights, and turn the insights into recommendations. Salary: $90-100K Roles and Responsibilities: Discover patterns and solve strategic and tactical business problems using structured and unstructured data sets across multiple environments Understand client business needs and be able to translate them to solutions and visualizations Data mining and and modeling using new techniques and methods Database design and development using SQL server Design data models Coordinate cross-functionally to monitor and analyze performance and accuracy Utilize predictive modeling to optimize customer experience, generate revenue, and targeting other business outcomes Skills and Qualifications: Bachelor's, or Master's, degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience with cloud ecosystems (AWS, GCP, or Azure) Skilled in Python programming language Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms (Decision Trees, Regressions, Neural Networks, NLP, etc.) Deep expertise of SQL environments Proficient with Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or Keras Experience with visualizations tools is a plus A drive to learn new technologies Able to run automated jobs to manipulate and store data from APIs Company Rewards: Benefits package- health, dental, and vision Salary: $90-100K Bonus options 401K match Holiday vacation Collaborative, agile Environment Plus, so much more! Contact Details: Looking to fill this position immediately. If interested, please contact j.laroche2@jeffersonfrank.com or call 813-437-6875. Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professional on the planet. Back by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivaled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve- one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
