*We would ideally like this position to be based in Bethesda, MD or London, UK; however, remote opportunities are available based on experience.
Position Summary
As a Research Scientist, you will be an independent PI, with scientific and strategic responsibility for preference and/or multi-criteria decision analysis studies (MCDA) projects; delegating project management tasks to more junior scientific staff. You will oversee and participate in a large project portfolio, innovate scientifically, produces output of high scientific quality, and assume significant responsibilities for sales targets and client development.
You would be joining a fast growing, successful team, operating at the cutting edge of the science of incorporating stakeholder preferences into health care decision making. We have developed an innovative, collaborative culture, aimed at developing and sharing good practice in preference research, both internally and externally. We are looking for someone who will thrive as a leading member of this team, shaping our science, and with the relationships and reputation to boost our sales.
Key Skills and Attributes
Deep and demonstrated understanding of preference elicitation techniques, such as discrete choice experiments (DCE), best-worst scaling (BWS), or swing weighting.
Knowledge of relevant regulatory requirements and guidelines.
Understanding of the pharmaceutical industry.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to direct large portfolio of projects in terms of dollar volume and number of projects.
Able to provide oversight, management, and mentoring to more junior staff.
Excellent ability to develop and maintain client relationships.
Excellent written and oral communication skills: scientific, professional, and consulting.
Ability to develop positive, collegial, and productive relationships with colleagues and clients.
Excellent time management and logistic skills to be highly effective in fast-paced, deadline-driven work environment.
Job Responsibilities
Science
Leads studies of high scientific quality, presenting scientific work in peer-reviewed journals and at professional meetings
Provides scientific leadership to team members, and contributes to the development of the way that preference methods are delivered by the team.
Strategy/Consulting
Develops and maintains client relationships.
Identifies scientific methods/plans that help clients meet their goals.
Helps clients prepare for regulatory meetings and attend regulatory meetings with clients as requested.
Financial & Business Development
Brings in proposal leads.
Writes proposals and managing proposal writing process.
Closes sales.
Project Management
Responsible for ensuring client timelines are met.
Responsible for ensuring project does not to exceed contracted budget.
PCR Operations Support
Supervises mid- level scientific staff.
Develops and presents internal scientific trainings.
Participates in staff recruitment efforts (phone screening, interviewing, attending presentations, etc.).
Conforms to SOPs and other requirements.
Actively supports new product development and scientific innovation.
Education Level/Years of Experience
Doctorate in scientific discipline and more than one year experience in relevant field; or
Master’s degree in scientific discipline and more than 5 years’ experience in relevant field
Computer programming or software skills required for position
MS Word, PPT, Excel; familiarity with SAS or similar data analysis software

About Evidera:
Evidera is a business within in Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (PPD) a leading global contract research organization (CRO), and a is a preeminent provider of evidence-based solutions. We provide integrated scientific expertise and global operational capabilities to help clients generate the evidence needed to optimize the market access and commercial potential of products.

Perks:
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, with clear opportunities for growth and career progression. You will have the opportunity to work on multiple projects with some of the industry’s leading researchers. Our offices boast a fun and collaborative working environment, frequent social events and a robust support system. We are committed to providing training and professional development, with ample opportunity to advance, for all our staff.
Evidera’s Core Competencies:
Customer Focus
Initiative
Teamwork
Problem Solving/Judgment
Accountability
If you resonate with our core competencies and want to contribute to research and consulting services driven by world-class science and thought leadership, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.
Evidera, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetics, sexual orientation, gender preference,disability, or status as a qualified individual with a disability or protected veteran.
