NSA is in search of Computer Science professionals to solve complex problems, test innovative approaches and research new solutions to storing, manipulating, and presenting information. We are looking for you to apply your computer science expertise to projects that seek to create new standards for the transformation of information. If you want to develop technologies and tools and be a part of cutting edge innovations; join our team of experts! Help protect national security interests as part of the world's most advanced team of computer science professionals! ResponsibilitiesNSA Overview In order to support Agency leaders in allocating resources and deriving insights into mission resourcing and outcomes, the Business Analysis and Optimization Group leverages financial analytic tools to facilitate data collection management, data analysis, advanced analytic studies, metrics, and forecasting. In this role, the organization supports both the senior leadership within the Business Management & Acquisition Directorate, as well as senior leaders and decision-makers across the NSA/CSS enterprise. We rely on the skills of our business and analysis professionals to support the internal infrastructure of a federal agency comparable in size and budget to Fortune 100 companies. The Business Analysis and Optimization Group is at the forefront of instituting and driving Data Science within BM&A, and we are looking for critical thinkers, problem solvers and motivated individuals who are enthusiastic about financial and resource data, and believe that answers to hard questions lie in the yet-to-be-told story of diverse, complicated data sets. You will employ a combination of mathematical science, computer science and quantitative analysis skills to ensure solutions to complex data problems. Description of Position Data Scientists in the business organization support the Agency through data cleansing, data integration, data transformation, data mining, and data modeling of raw data derived from business systems and/or from other business processes. As a Business Data Scientist, you will engage in analytic modeling, scripting, and/or programming, develop and implement qualitative and quantitative methods for characterizing large data sets in various states of organization, cleanliness and structure. You will perform predictive and prescriptive data analyses to enable resource decision making by senior NSA leaders. Data Scientist responsibilities include: - Apply specialized tools and computer-based programs as well as apply data-analytic techniques to analyze, visualize, and summarize complex data to draw conclusions - Assess applicability of available tools to various situations & combine analytics, tools, and visualization to support analysis - Use data mining tools and/or machine learning tools to search for data identification, characteristics, trends, or anomalies - Identifying relationships, trends, and patterns in, or draw conclusions from, information - Implementing qualitative and quantitative methods for characterizing large datasets in various states of organization, cleanliness, and structure through analytic modeling, scripting, and/or programming SkillsThe ideal candidate is someone with a desire for continual learning who possesses strong communication (oral and written), problem-solving, analytic, and interpersonal skills and is: - Able to work effectively between business and technology roles - Competent in critical thinking and reasoning to make analytic determinations - Proficient in managing multiple tasks with competing timelines and deliverables - Adept at manipulating large data sets - Customer, detail and results oriented - Skilled in adapting to changing requirements - Able to work effectively (independently and/or within teams) across functional areas in a professional and collaborative environment Knowledge and experience in two or more of the following areas is required: - Designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, and/or software engineering - Data cleansing, data integration, data transformation, data modeling and handling raw data across multiple data sets - Basic level and building programming skills such as SQL, Python, and/or R (variety is good) - Analysis (statistical, predictive), visualizations, reporting, and presentations demonstrated on complex data sets - Data analysis to include forecasting, risk, and/or trend analysis - Financial or business-related computer software, to include the Microsoft Office suite of tools plus add-ons (e.g., Power BI, Power Query/Pivot, @Risk) - Government Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) process and/or other relevant business or financial process knowledge Mandatory Qualification ReqsSalary Range: $70,519 - $87,868 (Entry/Developmental) *The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position. Entry is with a Bachelor's degree and no experience. An Associate's degree plus 2 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g. physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, and life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count. Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university. Relevant experience must be in designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, and/or software engineering. Experience in more than one area is strongly preferred. Salary Range: $81,571 - $108,643 (Full Performance) *The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position. Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 1 year of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree and no experience. An Associate's degree plus 5 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g. physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, and life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count. Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university. Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, or software engineering. Salary Range: $99,172 - $152,352 (Senior) *The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position. Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 4 years of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree plus 2 years of relevant experience. An Associate's degree plus 8 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g., physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count. Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university. Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, or software engineering. Salary Range: $137,849- $166,500 (Expert) *The qualifications listed are the minimum acceptable to be considered for the position. Salary offers are based on candidates' education level and years of experience relevant to the position and also take into account information provided by the hiring manager/organization regarding the work level for the position. Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 9 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 7 years of relevant experience or a Doctoral degree plus 5 years of relevant experience. An Associate's degree plus 11 years of relevant experience may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience that is clearly related to the position. Degree must be in Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science. A degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Information Systems, Engineering), a degree in the physical/hard sciences (e.g., physics, chemistry, biology, astronomy), or other science disciplines (i.e., behavioral, social, life) may be considered if it includes a concentration of coursework (typically 5 or more courses) in advanced mathematics (typically 200 level or higher; such as calculus, differential equations, discrete mathematics) and/or computer science (e.g., algorithms, programming, data structures, data mining, artificial intelligence). College-level Algebra or other math courses intended to meet a basic college level requirement, or upper level math courses designated as elementary or basic do not count. Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited college/university. Relevant experience must be in two or more of the following: designing/implementing machine learning, data mining, advanced analytical algorithms, programming, data science, advanced statistical analysis, artificial intelligence, or software engineering. Pay, Benefits, & Work ScheduleThis is a full-time position, Monday through Friday, with basic 8 hr/day work requirements between 0600-1800 (flexible). DCIPS DisclaimerThe National Security Agency (NSA) is part of the DoD Intelligence Community Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS). All positions in the NSA are in the Excepted Services under 10 United States Codes (USC) 1601 appointment authority. How To Apply - ExternalTo apply for this position, please click the 'Apply' button located at the top right of this posting. After completing the application for the first time, or reviewing previously entered information, and clicking the 'Submit' button, you will receive a confirmation email. Please ensure your spam filters are configured to accept emails from noreply@intelligencecareers.gov. ***PLEASE NOTE: U.S. Citizenship is required for all applicants. Reasonable accommodations provided to applicants with disabilities during the application and hiring process where appropriate. NSA is an equal opportunity employer and abides by applicable employment laws and regulations. All applicants and employees are subject to random drug testing in accordance with Executive Order 12564. Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a security background investigation and polygraph. This position is a Defense Civilian Intelligence Personnel System (DCIPS) position in the Excepted Service under 10 U.S.C. 1601. DoD Components with DCIPS positions apply Veterans' Preference to eligible candidates as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 USC, in accordance with the procedures provided in DoD Instruction 1400.25, Volume 2005, DCIPS Employment and Placement. If you are a veteran claiming veterans' preference, as defined by Section 2108 of Title 5 U.S.C., you may be asked to submit documents verifying your eligibility. Please note that you may be asked a series of questions depending on the position you apply for. Your responses will be used as part of the screening process of your application and will assist in determining your eligibility for the position. Be sure to elaborate on experiences in your resume. Failure to provide the required information or providing inaccurate information will result in your application not being considered for this position. Only those applicants who meet the qualifications for the position will be contacted to begin employment processing. Please Note: Job Posting could close earlier than the closing date due to sufficient number of applicants or position no longer available. We encourage you to apply as soon as possible. Position SummaryNSA is in search of Computer Science professionals to solve complex problems, test innovative approaches and research new solutions to storing, manipulating, and presenting information. We are looking for you to apply your computer science expertise to projects that seek to create new standards for the transformation of information. If you want to develop technologies and tools and be a part of cutting edge innovations; join our team of experts! Help protect national security interests as part of the world's most advanced team of computer science professionals!
