Senior Data Scientist - Pittsburgh, PA - Full Time Searching for a well rounded Data Scientist to pair with my clients analytics company in downtown Pittsburgh. They are a mid-level sized company that focuses on providing immediate insights to clients in the media industry. In this role you will be required to break down and analyze data, develop reports, develop algorithms, and create machine learning models to address all of the problems they are facing. This company can offer a competitive base salary, and willing to negotiate based on experience, up to 15% bonus, and the opportunity to work with the technologies of your choice! Qualifications: Strong experience in Computer Science or Applied Mathematics Prior working experience with the AWS Cloud Experience building infrastructures in distributed environments Proficiency in programming with Python and Scala Experienced with NoSQL and SQL Experienced building machine learning models in a production setting Great Communication skills Ability to work independently and in a team environment Benefits: Competitive Base Salary (B.O.E.) Bonus up to 15% Stock Options 4 Weeks PTO Remote Flexibility Clear Growth Opportunities Excellent Company Culture Monthly Company Social Events Premium Healthcare Commuter Reimbursement Ability to work with the technologies of your choice! 2 Step Interview Process! The interview process is now underway! My client is looking to fill this position within the next two weeks, so if you or someone you know could be interested in this opportunity APPLY NOW! To apply, contact me via email: n.williams@jeffersonfrank.com ; phone: (212)-731-8282 ; or LinkedIn message. Upon conversation, please be able to provide an updated CV. Jefferson Frank is the global leader in Amazon Web Services recruiting. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
