SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. is a global provider of financial services software and software-enabled services. Founded in 1986, SS&C has built the most comprehensive powerhouse of software technology in the financial services industry – technology that complements our unrivaled expertise and professionalism in fund administration, insurance and pension funds, and asset and wealth management accounting and operations. Named by Forbes as one of America’s best midsize employers, SS&C has more than 20,000 employees and 15,000 clients worldwide, and is headquartered in Windsor, Connecticut, with offices throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Africa, and Australia. This position will be based at 4 Times Square, New York, NY 10036 The Data Scientist– AI/Machine Learning role is responsible for understanding data, machine learning and incorporating it within our product. Position Responsibilities: Support the product development teams during all phases of the application lifecycle, functioning as a subject matter expert for all things data and data-access related. Identify opportunities and offer recommendations about process and technology optimizations. Partner with members of business and technology teams in research, scoping, design, execution, and optimization. Embrace, support and extend standards and guidelines pertaining to data and data access. Share a passion for your role with all, and demonstrate a focus on continuous improvement. Position Qualifications: Python, Tensorflow framework, Scikit-Learn toolkit, Scala, R or other machine learning disciplines. Knowledge of traditional RDMS or non-SQL database server ecosystem in highly available, performant and secure configurations. Experience in database, programming and scripting tools:  T-SQL, JavaScript, Exposure to MongoDB, Cassandra and/or other document or non-sql data stores. Stream processing and integration with messaging platforms like Kafka or IBM MQ. Experience with machine based algorithms and different types of distributions, Outlier detection, random forest, isolation forest, Gaussian process, etc. Familiarity with modern software development practices, processes, and tools. Prior exposure to multi-tenant data architectures, with a focus on optimizing for large-scale data sets (multi-terabyte tables). Understanding of scalability options at the data tier, including partitioning and sharding scenarios. #LI-RM1 Unless explicitly requested or approached by SS&C Technologies, Inc. or any of its affiliated companies, the company will not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. SS&C offers excellent benefits including health, dental, 401k plan, tuition and professional development reimbursement plan. SS&C Technologies is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant for employment or employee on the basis of race, color, religious creed, gender, age, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other classification protected by applicable discrimination laws. Other details Pay Type Salary
