At GHD Digital, our team of exerts provide digital solutions and services to our clients and communities.  As a Graduate, you will have the opportunity to not only grow and develop in your chosen field, but to also shape the course of our business and industry.  Our office in Buffalo, NY is looking for a junior- to mid-level R&D Engineer/Data Scientist to join the team.   The Buffalo office is the US Northeast industrial design center for the firm, located in the city’s resurgent downtown. As part of the team, you will be asked to support the development of automation solutions for complex industrial, municipal, and manufacturing processes.  We are looking for “out of the box” thinkers that are challenged by our clients to offer innovative approaches to address new system designs, and/or improve existing processes. As an R&D Engineer/Data Scientist, you will work alongside experienced engineers and be part of our growing team, contributing to new and exciting projects throughout North America, and abroad. You will need to work effectively as a member of an operating team, which means good communication and interpersonal skills are essential.   In this role your responsibilities will include: Specify, design, and author analytical systems to adapt to process control systems Train end-users and maintenance personnel Travel, if required, for out-of-town projects Assist with advancing the R&D department of the group with the latest in data analytics techniques   The successful candidate will possess the following skills and qualifications: Bachelor’s and/or Master’s Degree in Engineering, Data Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field 1-5 years of experience in Object-Oriented programming (especially Concurrency), preferably Java or Python A comprehensive understanding of Statistics and Probability Organized and structured methods for handling tasks Data analytics, Data Modelling techniques, Neural Networks, big data organization Ability to provide feed-back and recommend alternative options on complicated tasks NoSQL/SQL Database design knowledge/experience (distributed architecture desired) Web design knowledge/experience An understanding of process/machine controlling logic (i.e. PLCs/remote terminal units) TCP/Serial Communication with external devices using industrial protocols Familiarity with Linux Our commitment to you Fostering gender balance, diversity and acceptance of flexible working is central to the way GHD digital does business. We offer a professional, friendly and inclusive culture based on our core values of Safety, Teamwork, Respect and Integrity. In addition to a competitive salary, GHD digital provides attractive career options including professional development via our GHD Business School, additional leave, and family-friendly flexible work arrangements. Why GHD digital? Why waste a single day doing work that isn’t an investment in your future? At GHD digital, you will join a team of passionate individuals, many of them leaders in their field, who are also the owners of our business. This ownership is what sets us apart. It means our people enjoy an unrivalled amount of autonomy in their roles. It is also what drives our commitment and accountability in how we serve our clients, deliver projects, and pursue new opportunities. If this is the kind of investment you would like to make with your talent, join us, and take control of your career and your future. About GHD digital GHD digital builds on the GHD network of more than 10,000 people, to help companies across the global markets of water, energy and resources, environment, property and buildings, and transportation unlock the potential of digital technologies to generate value for their businesses. Addressing the challenges of the fourth industrial revolution, GHD digital delivers a suite of professional services including digital strategy and transformation, smart technology solutions, digital innovation, cybersecurity and digital risk, and data and analytics. We actively seek and nurture the very best people in their respective fields to join our team. In return, we offer remarkable career shaping opportunities to extend your skills and gain global experience. If you are interested in pursuing this position, please submit your resume and cover letter via the link below.  As a multicultural organization, we encourage individual achievement and recognize the strength of a diverse workforce. GHD is an equal opportunity employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants without regard to race, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, marital status or veteran status.   #LI-JK1 This position does not provide visa sponsorship.
