Azure Data Scientist - Chicago, IL Position: Data Scientist Technology: Big Data Location: Chicago, IL Job Type: Permanent About the Role: Ready to work with cutting edge technology filled with a great work environment where you will feel relaxed and excited to challenge yourself? Well it's a good thing you specialize in Azure Big Data! Our client has an exciting role opening up for someone with Azure Big data experience. This role gives allows you to work on cloud-based structures, data pipelines. In addition, this role will give you the opportunity to build the infrastructure and develop your own methods of experience. The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience and knowledge in IOT, PowerBI, Azure Data warehouse, Machine Learning, Hadoop. Responsibilities, Skills, and Qualifications: Develop dashboards and advanced analytics solutions using programming tools Support exploratory data/statistical/predictive analytics and machine learning models Assist in the construction of algorithms, predictive models, and proofs of concept Select and integrate any data science, Big Data tools, and framework required to provide requested capabilities Remain current on data architecture, analytics, and data science developments Ensure systems meet industry best practices and business, security, privacy, and retention requirements Experience in Microsoft Azure Platform SQL Server Big Data implementation experience IT experience in a data science field Time Management and self-starter Design innovative approaches to interact with data for analysis Benefits: Limited travel opportunities Competitive pay Free Lunch Club 401k opportunity Immense opportunity for growth and advancement Remote flexibility Generous PTO Top candidates may receive sign on bonus For all inquiries, I can be contacted at m.pollak@nigelfrank.com or by calling 646.863.7598 (ext. 7598). I'm eagerly looking forward to helping you advance your career! What's in it for you: These roles don't last long on the market. Be in touch quickly and I can place you with your desired job in a timely manner. Don't hesitate to achieve the better job you are looking for and want now. Please send your resume and I'm excited to meet with you. I am unlike other recruiters in that I thrive on building our relationship and making it more personal to ensure working together is a happy experience for you! Nigel Frank International is the Global Leader in Microsoft Azure recruitment. We are a part of Frank Recruitment Group, one of the most successful global recruitment businesses in the last 10 years and backed by private equity firm TPG Growth.
