We are seeking a qualified Data Scientist/Social Scientist to join our team in Washington, DC, for an exciting opportunity to work on data analytics and research as part of the 2020 Census Integrated Communications Campaign. The 2020 Census Integrated Communications Campaign team supports all outrea...
Basic Qualifications:
The successful candidate will possess: 
	A minimum of 5+ years’ professional experience working in quantitative research
	BA required/MA preferred in a related field (economics, political science, communication, sociology, computer science, statistics, applied math) 
	Proven success working with large and complex datasets in a federal environment (SQL and SAS experience preferred)
	Proficiency with statistical programs including R, and/or Python
	Proven success in consulting environments presenting findings using presentation and/or data visualization software.
	Authorization to work in the U.S. and to complete a federal government background clearance process
 
Ideal Qualifications:
The ideal candidate will also possess:
	Experience working on quantitative research projects as part of a larger research team and within a federal government environment
	Knowledge of both supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
	Proven success in consulting environments and experience managing internal stakeholders or external clients, as well as presenting findings using presentation and/or data visualization software
	Business development experience with client stakeholders, including pricing, scoping, and presentation
	Exceptional management skill and an interest in mentoring and guiding more junior members of the team
	Membership in professional organization such as AAPOR, WAPOR, Insights Association, or ASA
 
 
About PSB:
PSB, a member of Young & Rubicam Group and the WPP Group, is a global research consultancy that delivers custom prescriptive strategy for blue-chip corporate, political and entertainment clients. PSB's operations include over 200 consultants and a sophisticated in-house market research infrastructure with global capabilities. PSB is headquarted in Washington D.C., with offices in New York, Seattle, Los Angeles, Denver, London, and Madrid. PSB gets To the Point®, backing actionable strategy with scientific-grade data to give you competitive edge, no matter the business problem. More at www.psbresearch.com.   
PSB is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer.

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Washington, DC 20006 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         +30 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         56592
