Job Description At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. Enterprise Finance drives financial management for the company and maintains and enhances risk and financial controls. Key functions within Enterprise Finance include finance and accounting; Treasury; corporate development, mergers, and acquisitions; Data Management and Insights, the Customer Remediation Center of Excellence, Enterprise Shared Services, Business Process Management, and Corporate Strategy. Enterprise Finance informs shareholders, regulators, taxing authorities, team members, and leaders of the company’s financial performance through earnings releases, investor meetings and conferences, and meetings with regulators and credit rating agencies, following appropriate reporting guidelines. They also maintain and enhance risk and financial controls and lead many of the company’s shared services functions including corporate properties, security, and global services. The Data Management and Insights organization (‘DMI’) is building a best in-class data science team, focused on delivering enterprise-wide data driven insights based in both traditional and emerging analytical techniques.  Our team supports the DMI service model by providing LOBs with machine learning and predictive analytic consulting and guidance. KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: • Lead machine learning projects, including working with business partners to define the scope and deliverable, developing the analytic plan and time line, leading deployment and delivering results • Provide technical advice to other members of the team and across the organization on topics including machine learning code, machine learning algorithms and traversing across multiple big data platforms • Identify and lead the evaluation of new software techniques and technologies, including delivery of results • Identify new applications for machine learning across the company and work with business partners to pilot Required Qualifications 3+ years of Python experience 3+ years of SQL experience 3 + years of experience using quantitative machine learning techniques 8+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 5+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling Desired Qualifications Experience with Tensorflow, Theano or Keras Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy Other Desired Qualifications • Solid understanding  of and 5+  years  of experience applying machine learning techniques such as neural networks, random forest, GBM and SVM, to form a story • Experience with signal processing or optimization techniques • Advanced knowledge of statistical techniques (e.g. sampling, probability, multivariate data analysis, regression, PCA, time-series analysis) • Strong ability to retrieve, combine and transform data from numerous information systems • Strong acumen in diagnosing and resolving data issues • Experience working with big data infrastructure with tools such as Hive, Spark and h2o • Exceptional analytical, critical thinking, quantitative reasoning skills, and problem-solving skills.  Ability to relate complex analysis and insights to effective business strategy. • Oher advanced statistical tools such as SAS, R and Weka   Disclaimer All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
