Overview 
 The Brief:  
  
We are seeking a qualified  Data Scientist/Social Scientist  to join our team in Washington, DC, for an exciting opportunity to work on data analytics and research as part of the 2020 Census Integrated Communications Campaign. The 2020 Census Integrated Communications Campaign team supports all outreach and marketing for the 2020 Decennial Census. The 2020 Census Integrated Communications Campaign is working with our partners to develop, refine, analyze and test the marketing and communications strategy used to ensure as many people in America as possible are reached during the critical decennial Census. 
The Data Scientist/Social Scientist will be based in VMLY&R’s offices in Washington, DC, but may work at times from the client site in Prince George’s County, MD. S/he will be a core member of our data science team manipulating large datasets, developing and building analytical tools and models, and creating and presenting challenging research materials to audiences of all levels and backgrounds, both internally and externally. S/he will be a key member of the team designing and building models and analyses that drive smart insights and at times will work across all partners on the Integrated Communications Contract team, including advertising and creative agencies, media buying entities, and niche communications firms. This position is expected to continue after the decennial Census is complete in 2020, and the data science team will transition to other projects and clients. 
  
Most critically, we are looking for an unmatched team player who are excited about being part of a once-in-a-career effort to mold the delivery of the largest social marketing campaign in the country’s history. Background and specific areas of expertise are less important than drive, initiative, and willingness to take on items outside of your day-to-day role.  Responsibilities 
At a high level, the Data Scientist/Social Scientist will be responsible for a variety of tasks, including but not limited to:   
Creating new analyses and data visualizations  
Developing, selecting and deploying robust statistical and analytical tools and techniques  
Turning complex client problems into robust data solutions and fully owning the client’s research needs from conception to delivery of final product  
Working with integrated teams of advertising creatives, researchers, social scientists and consultants to create a strong data-driven point of view while addressing all partners’ needs  
Conceptualizing and building predictive models from large public use and survey data sets to address client needs; translate findings into smart, actionable, and timely insights  
Using and evaluating clustering techniques to identify actionable segments within large datasets and provide flexible profiling for external validation of the results  
Authoring clear, concise and technically sophisticated reports and presenting findings to clients (internal and external) of all levels and backgrounds; proactively identifying opportunities to build from these findings to next steps or new applications  
Working across the Integrated Communications Contract team on contract management efforts, including proposal writing, pricing and scoping projects  
.  Qualifications 
 We’d love if it you:  
  
We seek a Data Scientist/Social Scientist who has many, most or all of the following:   
A minimum of 5+ years’ professional experience working in quantitative research  
BA and/or MA required, PhD preferred in a related field (economics, political science, communication, sociology, computer science, statistics, applied math)  
Proven success working with large and complex datasets, especially Census or other large government datasets  
Proficiency with SQL  
Proficiency with statistical programs including R, Python and/or SAS  
Experience with Tableau, GIS or other mapping or data visualization platforms  
Proven success in consulting environments presenting findings using presentation and/or data visualization software  
Experience working on quantitative research projects as part of a larger research team and within a federal government environment  
Knowledge of both supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques  
Proven success in consulting environments and experience managing internal stakeholders or external clients, as well as presenting findings using presentation and/or data visualization software  
Business development experience with client stakeholders, including pricing, scoping, and presentation  
Membership in professional organizations such as AAPOR, WAPOR, Insights Association, or ASA  
Authorization to work in the U.S. and ability to successfully complete a federal government background clearance process  
 What else you can expect:  
  
We’ve got a competitive benefits and compensation package, with vacation time that grows as you grow with us. We’re a global boutique, and as such, we have access to global discounts, perks, and offers. 
  
 We embrace diversity. In fact, we celebrate it. We have different backgrounds. Passports. Genders. Orientations. Beliefs. We have different skills, ambitions and talents. We’re fresh out of school and we have years of experience. We’ve come back from serving our country. We’re returning after starting our families.  
    
 We are inclusive. Full stop. Diversity enriches our culture, enhances our worldview and makes us better partners to our clients and better citizens of the world. Our differences add up to a stronger whole, because it takes all kinds of people to build all kinds of brands.   
    
 Y&R is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.  
  
https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf 
https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Washington, DC 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         26 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6384
