Job Description
       Wells Fargo Audit has an exciting opportunity for a Data Scientist (Audit Analytics Manager) on the Data Innovation & Analytics (DI&A;) team. The candidate will be strategically positioned to drive the DI&A; team to become a best in class data analytics team. In addition, this candidate will influence the DI&A; team progression along the data analytics maturity model. Initiative and Innovation are the primary characteristics which will ensure success for this candidate. The candidate will be challenged to create, enhance, and ensure sustainability of audit programs and strategies that keep pace with Wells Fargos increasing access and uses of big data, artificial intelligence, and digital based technology advancements for products and services across the enterprise.       
       The Audit Analytics Manager will supervise teams of data analytics professionals in navigating the extensive production and analytical data environments within Wells Fargo and apply that expertise to provide value-added data analysis solutions across multiple audit teams. In addition, the manager will be required to manage projects that focus on our continuous assurance monitoring and testing strategy as well as develop tools and training guidelines to help the team operate more effectively. We are looking for a team member with experience in supervising audit teams with a proven track record of sound project management while using their significant data analytics, audit, or risk management experience. These abilities should allow them to supervise other team members to utilize data analysis methodologies and tools to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit process. This includes partnering with internal auditors to identify opportunities to utilize data analysis in evaluating the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls in addition to assessing the quality and reliability of data.       
       Duties include:         
     Supervise audit assignments and data specific projects with 4-5 other data analysis professionals.       
     Use strategic and critical thinking skills to develop the identification of opportunities to utilize data analysis in the assessment of risk and controls and other operational processes.       
     Navigating within technology environments to locate, validate, extract, and format data for data analysis testing.       
     Reviewing the documentation for the analysis in accordance with audit policy.       
     Training and mentoring audit teams in the use of data analysis and data analysis tools.       
     Partnering with assigned audit teams to build expertise in the use of data analysis within the internal audit function.       Required Qualifications
     
 8+ years of analytics experience, audit experience, or a combination of both   
 2+ years of leadership experience   
 4+ years of SAS programming experience   
 4+ years of SQL experience       Desired Qualifications
     
 A BS/BA degree or higher in accounting, finance, or business administration   
 Certification in one or more of the following: CPA, CAMS, CRCM, CIA, CISA or Commissioned Bank Examiner designation   
 Risk or compliance experience   
 Large financial or auditing company experience   
 Leadership experience for professional auditors, risk management, or project leadership professionals   
 Solid knowledge and understanding of audit methodologies and tools that support audit processes   
 Ability to develop operational reporting and performing complex data analysis   
 Ability to lead projects/initiatives with high risk and complexity   
 Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills   
 Outstanding problem solving and analytical skills with ability to turn findings into strategic imperatives   
 Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important       Other Desired Qualifications  
     Tableau experience including executive presentation and delivery       
     Demonstrated understanding and practical application of statistics, applied mathematics, and quantitative science using tools such as Python, R, SCALA and SAS Visual Statistics       
     Advanced scripting experience using Unix Shell Scripting, Perl, Python, Java, or PL-SQL       
     Big Data Technology experience       
     Ability to execute Data Mining and Web Scraping       
     Experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP)       
     Proficiency with ACL and possibly other programming languages and tools (Visual Basic, SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Reporting Service, etc.).       
     Working experience of Statistics and Probability       
     Working knowledge or experience with Machine Learning       Disclaimer
     All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. 
 
 Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. 
 Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.     

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Charlotte, NC 28245 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_98a7719fdc422b98f38d4765dbc2076b
