Responsibilities: 
At a high level, the Data Scientist/Social Scientist will be responsible for a variety of tasks, including but not limited to:  
Creating new analyses and data visualizations 
Developing, selecting and deploying robust statistical and analytical tools and techniques 
Turning complex client problems into robust data solutions and fully owning the client s research needs from conception to delivery of final product 
Working with integrated teams of advertising creatives, researchers, social scientists and consultants to create a strong data-driven point of view while addressing all partners  needs 
Conceptualizing and building predictive models from large public use and survey data sets to address client needs; translate findings into smart, actionable, and timely insights 
Using and evaluating clustering techniques to identify actionable segments within large datasets and provide flexible profiling for external validation of the results 
Authoring clear, concise and technically sophisticated reports and presenting findings to clients (internal and external) of all levels and backgrounds; proactively identifying opportunities to build from these findings to next steps or new applications 
Working across the Integrated Communications Contract team on contract management efforts, including proposal writing, pricing and scoping projects  
.  Qualifications 
 We d love if it you:  
We seek a Data Scientist/Social Scientist who has many, most or all of the following:  
A minimum of 5+ years  professional experience working in quantitative research 
BA and/or MA required, PhD preferred in a related field (economics, political science, communication, sociology, computer science, statistics, applied math) 
Proven success working with large and complex datasets, especially Census or other large government datasets 
Proficiency with SQL 
Proficiency with statistical programs including R, Python and/or SAS 
Experience with Tableau, GIS or other mapping or data visualization platforms 
Proven success in consulting environments presenting findings using presentation and/or data visualization software 
Experience working on quantitative research projects as part of a larger research team and within a federal government environment 
Knowledge of both supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques 
Proven success in consulting environments and experience managing internal stakeholders or external clients, as well as presenting findings using presentation and/or data visualization software 
Business development experience with client stakeholders, including pricing, scoping, and presentation 
Membership in professional organizations such as AAPOR, WAPOR, Insights Association, or ASA 
Authorization to work in the U. S. and ability to successfully complete a federal government background clearance process  
 What else you can expect:  
We ve got a competitive benefits and compensation package, with vacation time that grows as you grow with us. We re a global boutique, and as such, we have access to global discounts, perks, and offers. 
 We embrace diversity. In fact, we celebrate it. We have different backgrounds. Passports. Genders. Orientations. Beliefs. We have different skills, ambitions and talents. We re fresh out of school and we have years of experience. We ve come back from serving our country. We re returning after starting our families.  
 We are inclusive. Full stop. Diversity enriches our culture, enhances our worldview and makes us better partners to our clients and better citizens of the world. Our differences add up to a stronger whole, because it takes all kinds of people to build all kinds of brands.  
 Y&R is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.  
https://www. dol. gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost. pdf 
https://www. dol. gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c. pdf 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Washington, DC 20022 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_e345a81cbcda2efdc178fe04b307b626
