Overview   Come join Intuit as a  Senior Data Scientist  in the Data Analytics & Science team.  We are looking for creative problem solvers with a passion to deliver data-driven insights.  This position works alongside marketers and agency partners to deliver business results using data for insights and optimization.          The      Team      The Small Business Data Analytics & Science team drives user growth and retention using product insights and marketing channel optimization for the Small Business Group (i.e. Intuit QuickBooks).  We are an exciting, growing and fun team that works with industry-leading analytics tools, techniques and best practices.          The      Role      We are seeking a Senior Data Scientist – Business Analytics who will collaborate with our Marketing teams to help drive a/b testing, insights, tactics, and forecasts, and visions. The successful candidate will have a strong combination of both data acumen and excellent written and verbal communication skills, well versed in A/B Testing (Bayesian, Frequentist, and etc), in addition to an ability to present data in a creative and illustrative manner.   Responsibilities  
 Subject matter expert in marketing data   
 Collaborate with marketing teams to drive insights, tactics, forecasts, and visions.   
 Work with Marketing to drive A/B/N testing designs and measures.     Qualifications  
 5+ years of experience in Marketing Analytics & A/B Testing  
 5+ years of experience in generating and presenting insights from marketing data  
 Advanced SQL skills to perform data segmentation and aggregation from scratch; experience working with granular web clickstream data a plus!  
 Familiarity with programming languages and stats packages (e.g. python, R)  
 Familiarity with ML models   
 Outstanding communication skills with the ability to influence decision makers and build consensus with teams  
 Undergrad degree in a quantitative field (Masters preferred)   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Mountain View, CA 94039 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6487_9647
