Job Description    Leidos' Energy and Environment Division currently has an opening for a Senior Researcher specializing in Machine Learning for our energy research and development business. We are currently supporting the Department of Energy's National Energy Technology Lab (NETL) in the application of Artificial IntelligenceMachine Learning to a number of research efforts that leverage high performance computing and massive datasets in the following domains all relevant to fossil energy    Geological and Environmental Sciences  Materials Engineering and Manufacturing  Energy Conversion Engineering  Systems Engineering  Analysis     The position of the Chief Data ScientistMachine Learning (ML) Senior Researcher is to perform in a demanding, high-energy position requiring flexibility and innovative technical solutions to the challenges of processing, interpreting and analyzing large volumes of data, including text, images and other media. We are seeking individuals with a unique blend of research and operational experience, in order to apply machine learning models and deep learning approaches to the problem of recognition in complex environments given sparse or limited training data. The ML Senior Researcher will provide research direction and project leadership, develop innovative concepts for further exploration, and implement solutions that extend the state of the art for applications that range from automatic image recognition to text classification.    Primary Responsibilities Include    Independently design and undertake new research as well as partner in a team environment across organizations.  Develop topic descriptions for creative and innovative approaches to solving challenges  Provide leadership  organization to other team members  Design and implement secure, scalable, and fault-tolerant solutions across a distributed architecture, with the objective of researching and developing machine learning approaches, especially deep learning, applicable across multiple domains.     Required Qualifications    Advanced degree in machine learning (Ph.D highly desired) or a related discipline, such as artificial intelligence andor in key domain areas including Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Petroleum Engineering Geosciences, Material Science with a focus and experience with applied machine learningartificial intelligence.  At least three years of specialized experience innovating analytical techniques and performing analytical functions using machine-learning libraries and approaches. 8 years of overall experience is preferred. A PhD can count toward 5 years of experience.  Demonstrated ability to execute pilot projects independently and then guide the implementation of large-scale implementations by subject matter experts.  Track record of relevant publications in peer-reviewed conferences and journals.  Knowledge of state-of-the-art methods coupled with the creativity and intelligence to advance beyond them.  Strong data analysis skills using R or a comparable platform, and one programming language, e.g. Python, Perl, CC++, Java     Desired Qualifications    Undergraduate or graduate degree in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Petroleum Engineering, Geosciences, Material Science  PhD with publication track record relative to Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence  Prior experience as a project lead, preferably as PI  Familiarity with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., Theano, Caffe, Torch)  Prior experience with several of the following models andor methods for supervised, semi-supervised, and unsupervised machine learning Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, Support Vector Machines, Convolutional Neural Networks, Hidden Markov Models, Conditional Random Fields, Markov Chain Monte Carlo methods, andor clustering methods such as Latent Dirichlet Allocation  Experience in GPU development (including GPGPU iOS)  Ability to obtain a DOE Q Clearance

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Pittsburgh, PA 15122 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_40b25db6ad456d0aec4bfd0851e2f878
