Who We Are:       


Ball Aerospace pioneers discoveries that enable our customers to perform beyond expectation and protect what matters most. We create innovative space solutions, enable more accurate weather forecasts, drive insightful observations of our planet, deliver actionable data and intelligence, and ensure those who defend our freedom go forward bravely and return home safely. For more information, visit  http://www.ball.com/aerospace ,  Facebook  or  Twitter .  
Ball Aerospace is a prime contractor leading development teams at AFRL and NASIC.  Dayton personnel develop advanced hardware and software systems and provide management services to solve customer problems and create new capabilities.  This includes designing and developing software tools and threat models, performing extensive data analyses, and executing modeling and simulations using both internally developed and standard models. 
Systems Engineering Solutions provides technical and professional services to defense, intelligence, homeland security and space science markets.         
Qualifications:       


 Cognitive Data Scientist  
 What you’ll do:   
Work as a member of a research team investigating the effects of dynamic task reallocation in human-machine teams. 
Support the development of computational cognitive models and machine learning models that provide real-time or near-real-time analysis of loaded cognitive capacities in multi-tasking environments. 
Work with team members to integrate physiological measures of cognitive load with the analysis of loaded cognitive capacities to facilitate decision making of adaptive automation. 
Maintain a regular and predictable work schedule. 
Establish and maintain effective working relationships within the department, the Strategic Business Units, Strategic Support Units and the Company.  Interact appropriately with others in order to maintain a positive and productive work environment. 
Perform other duties as necessary.  
 What you’ll need:   
Bachelor’s degree in a related field such as cognitive science, or psychology plus 4 or more years related experience. Advanced degree preferred. 
Each higher-level degree, i.e., Master’s Degree or Ph.D., may substitute for two years of experience. Related technical experience may be considered in lieu of education. Degree must be from a university, college, or school which is accredited by an agency recognized by the US Secretary of Education, US Department of Education. 
Experience developing and/or applying computational cognitive models and/or machine learning models within applied settings. 
Statistical analysis expertise (e.g., R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, or equivalent). 
Experience in Java and Python. 
Strong communication skills and ability to interact with customers. 
Experience identifying and resolving technical problems that affect cost, schedule, and performance. 
Passion for learning new knowledge and skills. 
Desire to work with others in a research environment. 
Experience developing models within the ACT-R cognitive architecture preferred. 
Knowledge of physiological signal processing (EEF, eye-tracking, etc.) preferred. 
Knowledge of theories/model implementations of cognitive load preferred.  
 Working Conditions:   
Work is performed in an office environment, laboratory, clean room, or production floor. 
Travel and local commute between Ball campuses and other possible non-Ball locations may be required.           
Security Clearance:       


Successful applicant for this position must be eligible to obtain a DoD clearance or government customer access to classified/sensitive material. A current DoD clearance is not required to be eligible for this position, however the successful applicant will be required to obtain a DoD clearance or government customer access within a reasonable time after the offer is extended and must be able to maintain the applicable clearance.  *US Citizenship is Required.  By applying to this position you are agreeing to complete a National Security Clearance Pre-Screen Questionnaire, if one is required, to evaluate your general ability to obtain the required security clearance or government customer access associated with this position.
          
Relocation:       


Relocation for this position is NOT Available         
EEO Statement:       


 US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED 
 
Ball Aerospace is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 
        

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Dayton (Fairborn), OH 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         7 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         667342
