Are you interested in expanding your career throughexperience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensurethe security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is theplace for you. As a leading global security company, we provide innovativesystems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide. We are comprised ofdiverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas,understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the moreinnovative we can be. As we continue to build our workforce we look for peoplethat exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach toinnovation.    


  
At Northrop Grumman, innovation isn't just an idea it's a way of life. Our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems in air and space that impact lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our work preserves freedom and democracy, and advances human discovery and our understanding of the universe. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future.  

 
Northrop Grumman is seeking a data-driven, highly analytic mind for a 
Junior Data Scientist  position in the Joint Distribution Process Analysis Center (JDPAC) at USTRANSCOM with a mission to provide analysis and engineering support to improve the nation's ability to move and sustain our forces throughout the globe.  The right candidate will act as a Data Scientist on the Enterprise Data Sciences team and provide statistical and modeling support to projects covering a wide range of operational and business needs for the command.  The qualified applicant will assist the USTRANSCOM Senior Data Scientist in transforming the enterprise advanced analytic approaches and data management.
 

 
Key Responsibilities will include:  
Collecting and/or gathering large sets of data and applying advanced techniques to ensure the data is reliable and of high quality for the targeted purpose. 
Interpreting large amounts of data with advanced approaches using sophisticated analytical and data visualization software or tools to discover patterns of the data. 
Researching and developing statistical learning models for complex data problems to identify opportunities through various advanced statistical, mining, algorithmic, and visualization techniques or more advanced methods such as artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
Developing iterative process to maintain quality and performance of statistical models and quickly identify enhancements opportunities.  
Communicating advanced concepts and information in an understandable manner for audiences of varying levels of competency. 
Discovering, investigating, and visualizing data trends and patterns to assist users across the enterprise in creating a robust and comprehensive data environment. 
Integrating cross-functional and cross-domain solution sets and creating/maintaining an analytic reuse library to include analytic code, artifact description, implementation documentation, and examples of usage. 
Packaging the algorithms into solutions for use by leaders, operators, and analysts. 
Maintaining an up-to-date knowledge of technology trends. 
Creating data mining architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. Analysis may have many applications such as to address a business issue or provide a competitive advantage for the organization. Requires strong statistical and data visualization skills.  


Basic Qualifications: 

      
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in Data Analytics, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, or related quantitative field with 5 years of experience or MS + 3 years of experience or PhD.   
At least 5 years' experience using tools such as R, Python, SQL, Matlab, SPSS, SAS, etc.   
Experience in an enterprise data science program and big data environment.   
Working knowledge of business statistics and analytical methods, e.g. decision trees, regression modeling, machine learning, etc.   
Must enjoy working in a team environment with frequent customer contact and have excellent oral communication and interpersonal skills.   
Demonstrated skills in solving problems, troubleshooting, and responsibility for ensuring customer satisfaction.   
Proven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectives.   
Ability to receive a Secret clearance (interim clearance required to commence task work).   
 
Preferred Qualifications:  
   

 Active DOD Secret Clearance.   
  Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Scott AFB, IL 62225 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         16 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19014197
