Honeywell Intelligrated has a vision to change the way customers increase asset reliability, system utilization and worker productivity. Customers want to run their operations with more visibility and control, fewer unexpected downtime incidents, and lower maintenance costs. 

The Operation Research (OR) Scientist Practice Lead is responsible for developing models to analyze asset, utilization and worker productivity data and provides the best direction to the Connected Assets team. This position requires superior analytical thinking, and ability to apply knowledge to real
world applications. A proven history of driving critical research and development, implementing algorithms and optimization is needed.

A successful candidate will be a person who can also discover information hidden in vast amounts of data using both historical and new formulas. You should be able to apply data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with the optimization tools. 

This position is responsible for:

Owning the strategic planning for research initiatives involved with the Connected Asset platform, including algorithm development. Utilize computer programming skills and relational database systems to develop prototypes and applications.

Effectively communicating with senior management as well as with colleagues from computer science, operations research and business backgrounds.

Participating in and/or manage collaborations with our clients.

The candidate should have theoretical, as well as practical knowledge, of:

Optimization: mixed integer programming, heuristics and meta-heuristics, and network algorithms

Simulation: discrete-event and continuous simulations. Data mining: Regression analysis, association analysis, time series analysis, etc. 

Sr Data Scientist, Connected Assets 
Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity 
Honeywell Intelligrated has a vision to change the way customers increase asset reliability, system utilization and worker productivity. Customers want to run their operations with more visibility and control, fewer unexpected downtime incidents, and lower maintenance costs. 

The Operation Research (OR) Scientist Practice Lead is responsible for developing models to analyze asset, utilization and worker productivity data and provides the best direction to the Connected Assets team. This position requires superior analytical thinking, and ability to apply knowledge to real
world applications. A proven history of driving critical research and development, implementing algorithms and optimization is needed.

A successful candidate will be a person who can also discover information hidden in vast amounts of data using both historical and new formulas. You should be able to apply data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with the optimization tools. 

This position is responsible for:

Owning the strategic planning for research initiatives involved with the Connected Asset platform, including algorithm development. Utilize computer programming skills and relational database systems to develop prototypes and applications.

Effectively communicating with senior management as well as with colleagues from computer science, operations research and business backgrounds.

Participating in and/or manage collaborations with our clients.

The candidate should have theoretical, as well as practical knowledge, of:

Optimization: mixed integer programming, heuristics and meta-heuristics, and network algorithms

Simulation: discrete-event and continuous simulations. Data mining: Regression analysis, association analysis, time series analysis, etc. 

Key Responsibilities      
Ensure project and product compliance (strategy)    
Presentations to leadership and customers    
Establish and follow methodologies    
Propose technical improvements    
   

YOU MUST HAVE  
 Masters or PhD (preferred) in Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, or
similar technical field  
 Fluency in at least one programming or scripting language (Python, Java, C, C++,
etc)  
 Fluency in at least one data analysis and statistical packages (SAS, R, MATLAB, etc)  
 Strong affinity with optimization software packages (CPLEX, Gurobi, etc)  
 Experience in designing/implementing algorithms and approximation schemes for hard optimization problems (e.g. predicting asset failure)  
 Experience designing/implementing machine learning algorithms tailored to Material Handling business needs and tested on large data-sets.  
 Mastery of statistics and probability theory, particularly their application in predicting asset failur  
 The ability to implement models and tools through the use of high-level modeling languages (e.g. Python, R, Matlab,..)  
 Practical experience developing decision support tools based on optimization and simulation technology.  
 Experience with SQL Server and/or MySQL  
 Comfortable connecting to remote data sources and remote desktops through multiple access layers   
WE VALUE  
 Advanced Engineering Degree  
 Experience in Material Handling, Maintenance, Equipment  
 Significant experience in the field or in a related area  
 Exceptional understanding of a variety of the field's standards and specifications  
 Ability to work independently, research, and prove out new techniques and methodologies that lead to optimal products and processes  
 Proven capability to bring together both theory and practice in order to deliver high impact business results  
 Ability to identify problems and significantly improve or change existing methods
and techniques  
 Ability to influence internal and external parties to deliver advanced tools, methodologies, and product designs  
 Competence to convey subtle or complex messages clearly, as appropriate for the topic and audience   
 #CB 

Additional Information  

JOB ID:  req181151 

Category:  Engineering 

Location:  7901 Innovation Way, Mason, OH 45040 USA 
Exempt   HON SPS - Connected Supply Chain 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Mason, OH 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         56901
