Role: Data Scientist  
 Location:&nbsp;Jacksonville, FL  
 Job Type: 8+ Months  
 &nbsp;  
 Job Description:   
 The Data Specialist II assists the analytics team to provide insights, analysis, and maintains analytical findings. Accountable for identifying and quantifying key drivers for the Enterprise as well as investigating areas of opportunity.  
 &nbsp;  
 Essential Functions:   
Write basic programs for data extraction using SQL. 
Modifies existing programs for data extraction. 
Makes use of SAS, R, Python, or related programming skills to manipulate and analyze datasets. 
Proactively seeks training and builds knowledge/experience of tools, languages and data sources. 
Analyzes data and uses statistical analysis tools and techniques to derive insights. 
Produces basic spreadsheets, documents and presentations that are easy to follow (e.g. Excel and PowerPoint). 
Participates in the peer reviewing of work to ensure the quality of deliverables. 
Develops and demonstrates foundational knowledge of one or more data sources within the Health Business. 
Assists in the mapping and documentation of processes and programs in achieving stated goals.  
 &nbsp;  
 Required Qualifications:   
2+ years related work experience or equivalent combination of transferable experience and education. 
Bachelor's degree required. 
Previous experience with a programming language. 
Proficient with Microsoft Office products. 
Ability to manage tasks independently, take ownership of responsibilities and meet deadlines. 
Strong written and oral communication skills.  
 &nbsp;  
 Preferred Qualifications:   
Bachelor's degree in Business Analytics, Health Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics or related field  
&nbsp;  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Jacksonville, FL 32246 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         5 Days ago
