Job Description:    
 
Primary Function of Position:      
The Global Health Economics and Outcomes Research (HEOR) Team at Intuitive Surgical is seeking a highly motivated, hard-working, professional data analyst and economic modeler to help develop, design, and deliver health economic modeling (e.g. cost effectiveness analysis/CEA, budget impact modeling/BIM, etc.) and translational research projects.  
    
The contractor will lead health economic modeling projects, participate in HEOR evidence generation activities, and provide analytical and consultative support to relevant internal functions. Specifically, the contractor will analyze large healthcare databases, performed targeted or systematic literature review, conduct economic modeling studies, and deliver the results via publications and/or visualized dashboards/tools. The contractor will also be responsible for presenting and interpreting the results/findings to internal corporate colleagues in cross-functional teams. He/she will provide data, literature, and modeling consultative support to the other members within in HEOR and colleagues from other departments.   

  
Roles and Responsibilities:      
Develop GHEOR health economic modeling strategic plans and projects to support global and local value proposition, marketing and market access for Intuitive products worldwide.  
Track and execute health economic modeling plans against goals.  
Lead the local adaptations of the global health economic modeling framework. Communicate with local fields, develop local models for key countries.  
Conduct health economic modeling studies (CEA or BIA), quantify clinical and/or economic impacts of Intuitive products or related interventions in key clinical areas, and lead the studies to publication if applicable.  
Perform targeted or systematic literature review, critique medical and evidence-based outcomes literature & statistical analyses.  
Conduct statistical analysis using large healthcare databases (e.g., insurance claims, electronic health records, etc.)  
Develop and maintain analytical reports as well as any necessary ad hoc request(s).  
Contribute to development of team deliverables, including models, reports, abstracts, manuscripts, and slide collaterals, as appropriate.  
Present and interpret findings to cross-functional teams.   

  
Skill/Job Requirements:      
Master's degree in health informatics, statistics, economics, health services research, epidemiology, public health, or related field  
Knowledge of health economic modeling techniques, including decision analysis  
Proficient of Microsoft Office, TreeAge, and statistical software (e.g. R. SAS or STATA)  
Good interpersonal and communication skills in team environment  
Proven ability to write and publish for medical or scientific audiences; capable to communicate statistic findings with non-scientific audiences via lay languages  
Strong organizational skills and proven ability to manage personal responsibilities on multiple priorities and/or projects at once  
High sense of urgency expected and the ability to drive various projects simultaneously  
Ability to work independently and collaboratively   

  
Preferred Qualifications:      
Graduate degree in relevant scientific or technical field (e.g., Medical Doctor, Pharmacy, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Health Policy);  
Two or more years of experience in statistical programming using R, SAS and/or STATA  
Data visualization skills such as Tableau are preferred.  
Expert-level proficiency in Microsoft Excel (including Visual Basic) is preferred  
Experience in analyzing large, real world healthcare databases (e.g., insurance claims, electronic medical records, patient discharge data)  
Experience working in a collaborative project team/environment  
Outstanding ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences   

 
Shubham Jumde 
 
Technical Recruiter  
|   
intiGrow  Staffing   
 2760 Peachtree Ind. Blvd.
 Suite D, Duluth, GA 30097  
 Phone: 314-665-3250  
|   Fax: 877-712-4769
  www.igrowstaff.com   | shubham.jumde   pranav.bhalerao@igrowstaff.com    
    
        

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Sunnyvale, CA 94086 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         5 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Medical Devices and Supplies 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         JPC - 6393-6711-5762
