About Us
 Republic Services is an industry leader in U.S. recycling and non-hazardous solid waste. Through our subsidiaries, Republic’s collection companies, recycling centers, transfer stations, and landfills focus on providing effective solutions to make proper waste disposal effortless for our 14 million customers. We’ll handle it from here, our brand promise, lets customers know they can count on Republic to provide a superior experience while fostering a sustainable Blue Planet for future generations to enjoy a cleaner, safer and healthier world.   Why Work with Us   Our Company cannot thrive without great people devoted to serving customers, the community, and the planet. We hire the best people to make Republic a great place to work. We are focused on attracting talented individuals across professions who are as committed to serving customers and the planet as we are. We strive to create a workplace that's meaningful and rewarding to our 33,000 employees. That's why we are proud to be recognized as Best Large Employer by Forbes, World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere, and One of the Most Meaningful Companies to Work for in America by Business Insider. 

Job Description
 The Data Scientist drives internal data analytics projects for the HR group. Projects will vary from short explorations of our data to longer-term implementations of advanced predictive and machine learning models. The Data Scientist constantly explores our existing data while seeking out new data to consume.  They apply analytical and data science methods to real world datasets to solve ongoing business problems. The Data Scientist effectively communicates both technical and analytical concepts across all levels of the organization, and they influence the roadmap and decisions made by the HR through presentation of data-based recommendations. 

Knowledge, Skills &amp; Abilities


Preferred Qualifications
 

Master’s degree preferred. 

Experience extracting data using SQL. 

Proficiency in either R or Python. 
 

Principal Responsibilities
 

Performs time-series analyses, hypothesis testing, and causal analyses to statistically assess relative impact and extract trends across all relevant functional areas within HR (Talent Acquisition, Organizational Development, Compensation, Labor Relations etc.) 

Transforms data into actionable insights and recommendations. 

Designs experiments and interprets the results to draw detailed and actionable conclusions. 

Builds models to enhance understanding of trends and predicts future performance. 

Finds new opportunities and novel applications for our core internal data. 

Translates and champions our Machine Learning capabilities for non-technical audiences. 

Participates in end-to-end data science project lifecycle – data mining and exploration, model development and evaluation, solution deployment in production, measurement and tracking. 

Designs, validates and evaluates solutions using R, Python, SQL and other programming tools. 

Performs other job-related duties as assigned or apparent. 
   The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified.  Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company.  

Qualifications
 

Bachelor’s Degree in an analytical field (Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, Finance, Engineering, etc.). 
 

Rewarding Compensation and Benefits
 Eligible employees can elect to participate in:  

Comprehensive medical benefits coverage, dental plans and vision coverage. 

Health care and dependent care spending accounts. 

Short- and long-term disability. 

Life insurance and accidental death &amp; dismemberment insurance. 

Employee and Family Assistance Program (EAP). 

Employee discount programs. 

401(k) plan with a generous company match. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). 
 




Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Phoenix, AZ 85002 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         4 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         54923BR
