Are you motivated by cracking tough challenges with data, trained in problem solving, and possess an unending thirst for learning? If you do, Honeywell has the career opportunity for you! 
You will have endless opportunities to progress your career as you develop new offerings that impact a wide range of industries, improve the quality of life, and truly change the world. 
Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company with global sales surpassing $40B and has been one of Fortunes Most Admired Companies for over a decade. Through innovation, the Company brings together the physical and digital world to tackle some of the toughest societal and business problems making the world a more productive, safe, and sustainable place.
As a Predictive Analytics Data Scientist with Honeywell, you will develop algorithms and machine learning models to address unique and complex problems for the variety of breakthrough solutions.

Data Scientist - Predictive Analytics 
Join the industry leader to design the next generation of breakthroughs 
Are you motivated by cracking tough challenges with data, trained in problem solving, and possess an unending thirst for learning? If you do, Honeywell has the career opportunity for you! 
You will have endless opportunities to progress your career as you develop new offerings that impact a wide range of industries, improve the quality of life, and truly change the world. 
Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company with global sales surpassing $40B and has been one of Fortunes Most Admired Companies for over a decade. Through innovation, the Company brings together the physical and digital world to tackle some of the toughest societal and business problems making the world a more productive, safe, and sustainable place.
As a Predictive Analytics Data Scientist with Honeywell, you will develop algorithms and machine learning models to address unique and complex problems for the variety of breakthrough solutions.

Key Responsibilities      
Design Architectures of Machine Learning Models    
Research and Implement Appropriate ML Algorithms and Tools    
Perform Statistical Analysis and Fine-Tune Using Test Results    
    
   

 YOU MUST HAVE 
 
BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or Applied Mathematics 
Data science experience including theoretical understanding and practical experience of statistics, probability, and algorithms to develop solutions which combine multiple information streams. 
At least 2 years practical experience implementing algorithms and machine learning techniques such as optimization, case-based reasoning, assignment/allocation algorithms, operations research. 
At least 3 years of experience programming in Python, R, Scala or Java.  
 WE VALUE 
 
A strong understanding of big data concepts and knowledge of big data languages/tools. 
Experience in automation and build infrastructure in large-scale and distributed environment. 
Previous experience moving prototypes to production environment and optimizing models in production environment. 
Experience working with remote and global teams. 
Experience with database management systems, data platforms (e.g. Streaming Data Platform, Kafka, Logstash, Teradata, Hadoop, etc.), and data formats (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, AWS S3, JSON, Redis, neo4j, etc.) for efficient ML feature extraction and data transformations. 
Ability to work collaboratively with development/implementation staff through the design and build of new business processes and systems. 
Ability to stay abreast of current and emerging technologies in support of new concept development. 
Result-driven, positive can-do attitude. 
Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Applied Mathematics  
Additional Information  

JOB ID:  req194490 

Category:  Engineering 

Location:  703 Rodi Road, East Park Two, Suite 300, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 USA 
Exempt   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Pittsburgh, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         61117
