Job Title:  Data Scientist
 Location:  Oakland, CA USA&nbsp; 94612
 Duration:  3 Months

 Required Skills:   
Responsible for implementing Power BI as Enterprise BI, data governance plan, and open data portal.  
 Power BI administration:    
Manage a Power BI tenant 
Ensure compliance with internal policies, laws, and regulations  
Configuration of governance policies 
Manage the classification of business data 
Help to enforce content publishing and sharing policies  
 Manage Power BI resources    
Manage workspaces 
Publish custom visuals 
Verify codes used to embed Power BI in other applications  
 Manage Power BI mobile app deployment.  
 Manage data privacy and security, such as source data security.  
 Provide help and support to tenant users    
Troubleshoot data access and other issues.  
 About our Company: -   
E-Talent Network is responsible for carrying out the recruitment process and is a service provider for 22nd Century Technologies. 

22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
&ldquo;22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and &ldquo;US Citizens &amp; all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply." 

E-Talent Network is proud to service TSCTI recruitment needs with  Our Global Delivery model with  110 recruiters, data miners and research analysts working across multiple time zones is backed by an internal database of 2.4 million resources across all major industries.  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Oakland, CA 94612 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago
