AWS Data Scientist-San Francisco, California. $175k 

                AWS Data Scientist-San Francisco, California. $175k. This position is for an enterprise security company that provides monitoring services working with mobile applications. The companies digital platform uses internet reconnaissance and analytics to provide insight and control for exploitations, attacks and adversaries across the web. The company is searching for an AWS Data Scientist to assist in their Digital Threat Management Platform.

  Duties:  
 
Develop machine learning models to detect digital threats 
Develop and maintain machine learning models that support our detection, analysis, blacklists, and data pipeline 
Working closely with their security experts, you will develop and code models 
Develop new ideas on how the company can combine their data in ways to create new security insights.  
  Requirements:  
 
Data science experience working with R, Python and Java 
Ability to quickly learn new tools, languages and models 
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment  
  Salary/Benefits:  
 
Starting Salary of $145,000 - $175,000 Depending on Experience 
Fantastic Benefits including multiple Medical/Dental/Vision offerings/packages 
Flexible/Unlimited PTO 
401k Match 
Company paid Commuter/Transit Benefits 
Gym Stipend 
Amazing company culture with a tech-minded Management team 
Cell Phone Re-Imbursement Offering  
  Contact Information:  

To register your interest in this, or any other vacancies we currently have please call: (303) 558-4368 or email me at:   j.weeks@jeffersonfrank.com  . 

Please see   https://www.jeffersonfrank.com/   for more amazing opportunities.

Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS roles than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS market we have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have a complete understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS jobs are.

Jefferson Frank is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         6 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Staffing/Employment Agencies 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         06/20/19JW_1561059314
