Organization:Accenture Federal Services
Location: Suitland, MD      
        
  Accenture FederalServices, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company withoffices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served everycabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. AccentureFederal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clientsat defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military healthorganizations.

We believe that great outcomes are everything. It’s what drives us to turn boldideas into breakthrough solutions. By combining digital technologies with whatworks across the world’s leading businesses, we use agile approaches to helpclients solve their toughest problems fast—the first time. So, you can deliverwhat matters most.     
 
 Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change andput customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bringover 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including everycabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers workwith our clients at the heart of the nation’s priorities in defense, intel,public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the peopleyou employ, serve and protect.     
        
  Are you interested in leveraging your analytical expertise andstrategic vision to improve mission execution? If so, then Accenture FederalServices is the place for you! Our data scientists are helping clients embracemachine learning and artificial intelligence to advance the national securitymission. We’re working with Agencies to exploit the world’s increasing dataflow to yield powerful insights. We assist clients with the entirety of thedata science pipeline, enabling clients to ask the right questions or theirdata, build powerful models that find hidden patterns, and ultimately decipherresults. In this time of disruption, organizations need to navigate the futurewith confidence while embracing decision making with clear, data-drivenalternatives that deliver value in a meaningful business environment.     
        
  In this role you'll lead groups of innovative scientists andexpert story-tellers, who interact directly with clients to construct enduringand impactful solutions. You’ll have the opportunity to lead work on a numberof mission problems to rapidly build capability requiring the ability to adaptto unique client environments and use cases. You’ll be part of a diverse teamof industry experts who specialize in data engineering, data mining, machinelearning, statistics, and visualization with global reach back to Accenture’sover 2,100 Data Scientists.      
        
 What you’ll be doing:  
   
   
   
    
  Be innovative and entrepreneurial to work within a "start-up like" environment   
Be an advisor to the data science team and provide expertise and direction on complex analytical modeling problems 
Work with cross-functional teams to help them implement solutions 
Research methods to improve statistical inferences of variables across models 
Solve quantitative problems 
Consult on industry standard solutions as well as new innovative techniques  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Suitland, MD 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         13 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         00725311
