Seeking a Data Scientist Fellow for a 12 month assignment in New Brunswick, NJ.  
Job Description: The fellow will partner with MD Operating Companies to formulate and address research questions using a variety of analytical techniques applied to various databases. The person will be responsible for assisting with various projects and initiatives in areas of epidemiology, health economics, outcomes research, and post-market safety surveillance. Examples of specific activities will include managing projects, drafting protocols and analyzing electronic healthcare databases insurance claims data, hospital billing data, EMRs, registries, etc. to evaluate disease natural history, safety and effectiveness of treatments using clinical and surrogate endpoints, or benefit-risk questions for specific devices. The fellow will also work closely with colleagues from the Medical Safety Sciences MSS team within MD EPI which provides analytical capabilities to improve safety surveillance across the Medical Devices sector. 
Principal Duties Responsibilities 
The role will involve participation in various project teams and task forces in addressing issues raised by product teams or regulatory agencies, where it will provide epidemiologic and/or health economic consulting to product teams, generate needed Real World evidence, and/or disseminate scientific information through technical reports or models, presentations, and publications in peer-reviewed literature, as agreed by the team.This position will also be responsible for the following:Participating in various work streams/ task forces to standardize research and analytical processes to improve efficiency and quality of deliverables; Facilitating access to key healthcare databases and providing core analytics capability for clinicians and researchers across the sector;Supporting the Post-market Surveillance Initiative to enhance safety and surveillance activities as part of product lifecycle management 
Education and/or Experience 
A minimum of a PhD in biostatistics, health services research, epidemiology, health policy, health outcomes research or other related field is required; Knowledge of healthcare databases, economic and predictive modeling, and other related analytical methodology is required; The candidate must have a sophisticated understanding and the ability to analyze and interpret quantitative data using statistical software such as SAS, R, etc.Experience with writing methods sections of study proposals/ protocols/ or background epidemiologic material on specific disease or therapeutic areas is a must.The incumbent must have strong written and verbal communication skill. 
 APPLY NOW!  
 For immediate consideration, please send your resume to gaut985@kellyservices.com  


 
Why Kelly ® ?  

With Kelly, you’ll have access to some of the world’s highest-regarded scientific organizations—providing you with opportunities to work on today’s most challenging, research-intensive, and relevant projects. Our connections can lead you to innovative scientific pursuits you’ll be proud to help advance. We work with 95 of the Fortune 100™ companies, and found opportunities for more than 9,000 scientific professionals last year. 
You pursued a career in science to fuel your quest for knowledge and your desire to make the world a better place. Let Kelly fuel your career—connect with us today. 
 
AboutKelly Services ®   

As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world and have a role in connecting thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners. Revenue in 2017 was $5.4 billion. Visit   kellyservices.com   and connect with us on   Facebook  ,   LinkedIn   and   Twitter  .  
Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce.   Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             New Brunswick, NJ 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         11 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         KOCGUS44723
