A premier client of ON-3 is seeking a Data Scientist to work in a team environment to:  
Selecting features, building, and optimizing classifiers for the use of machine learning techniques. 
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods. 
Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed. 
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems. 
Processing, cleaning, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis. 
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner. 
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance. 
Primary resource for internal distributed machine learning software questions from management. 
Implementing deep learning, machine learning, and data mining algorithms on distributed platforms. 
Automating machine learning algorithms within the production environment. 
Designing new algorithms to find predictive patterns that combine heterogeneous data assets. 
Working with electronic medical records, healthcare claims, clinical trial data, and unstructured text data. 
Working with technology teams to support machine-learning algorithms in big data platforms. 
Supporting customized projects by designing and implementing algorithms and statistical models on related datasets. 
Participate in architecture design of hardware and software 
Participate in validation efforts for hardware and software 
Responsible for providing strategic input for company’s mid- and long-term goals from the scientific standpoint. 
Establish best practices, monitoring, and error handling for production data services. 
An in-depth understanding of machine learning algorithms and modeling 
In depth experience with machine learning platforms 
Great communication skills 
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig 
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc 
Good scripting and programming skills in Java, C, and C++, MATLAB 
Advanced scientific knowledge in the area of neurology, digital signal processing, data science, clinical relations, and experimental trial design 
Deep understanding of analog circuit design in regard to biosignal acquisition 
A Masters’ degree with several years’ experience or a PhD in software engineering or related field. Excellent understanding of algorithms and algorithm generation with relevant publications 
Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase 
Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. 
Experience in Python, C/C++, and R 
Experience creating production environment data analytics and applications 
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Pittsburgh, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         7 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         3c65eaa7-5ed4-460d-b5c0-856d772f3b94
