Purpose of Job Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets and method to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; participates in building analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees

 Job Requirements 
 
Partners with other analysts across the organization to fully define business problems and research questions; Supports SME's on cross functional matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization. 
Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. 
Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives. 
Supports Subject Matter Experts (SME's) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. 
Works with IT to research architecture for new products, services, and features. 
Develops algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data. 
Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions.  


 Minimum Education:   
 
Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field OR 6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree. 
4 or more years of related experience and accountability for complex tasks and/or projects required. 
Proficient knowledge of the function/discipline and demonstrated application of knowledge, skills and abilities towards work products required. 
Proficient level of business acumen in the areas of the business operations, industry practices and emerging trends required.  


*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level* 

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions.  This will take approximately 5 minutes.  Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses. 



Preferred  
 
Applied Math, Computational Physics or Computer Science background. 
Machine Learning academic background. 
Experience in agent-based modeling, preferably from a computational academic background. 
Knowledge of Java and Python programming languages. 
Knowledge on the AnyLogic simulation package also a plus, but not required.  

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. 

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs.  Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. 

 USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers . 


Relocation  assistance is 
available  for this position. 


For Internal Candidates:  
Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting. 


Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 06/13/19 by 11:59 pm CST time.   




Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             San Antonio, TX 78208 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1114_R0034259
