Since 2002, Quantium have combined the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Whether it be building forecasting engines that are driving down food wastage or creating tools to support campaigns that combat human trafficking, Quantium believes in better goods, services, experiences, and championing the benefits of data science and AI for a brighter future.   
  
 The   o  ppor  t  unity   
  
By leveraging Quantium’s world-class capability built over 16 years in Australia, our Quantium U.S. team is growing rapidly – and with growth comes opportunity. Our data scientists solve a range of business problems by building applied analytics, data science and AI solutions including embedded innovative decision engines into the everyday business processes of our retail and banking clients including but not limited to, marketing optimisation, credit risk, forecasting and customer behaviour analysis. This is only the beginning of our expansion into the U.S. markets and our team is growing to meet the needs of our valued clients.  
  
The Senior Data Scientist will play a key role in providing data science solutions for innovative projects, product development, and support in new markets expansion. You will bring your strong technical skills and commercial thinking to go beyond mere data-led insights, to actionable commercial solutions to reshape our client’s businesses.   
  
Our data scientists and consultants are committed to making a positive impact on our clients each day, as such, you will be travelling for up to 80% of your time to work onsite at client offices with our current opportunity requiring you to do weekly travel to Bentonville, Arkansas for a minimum of 1 year.  
  
 Key responsibilities   
  
Working in a team of data scientists and consultants to develop end-to-end data science solutions for client projects. This may include:   
Ownership of one or more parts of a technical solution (involves designing the component, checking and contributing to the build where necessary)    
Can include all components from data checks and manipulation through to modelling and other advanced analytics (typically done in Spark / Scala or Teradata for data preparation and Spark / Scala or R for advanced analytics)     
Reviewing code, diagnostic output and methodologies of junior members of the team    
  
Client management and project delivery    
Support or own project management, develop clear presentation of insights and assist with presentation of results as appropriate   
Ongoing stakeholder interaction on project progress   
Feedback and documentation process to ensure continuous improvement with team   
Handover, including documentation, of work to longer term owners (in some cases)   
Training internal or client teams    
  
Support business development activities as appropriate   
Team collaboration and leadership   
Providing informal coaching and guidance to junior team members as appropriate and may have some formal people management responsibilities; includes setting objectives, providing technical guidance and professional development advice, and managing a formal review process   
Actively participating in learning forums and sharing knowledge with the wider team    
  
 About you   
   
4+ years of hands-on experience in a highly technical analytics environment, carrying out data analytics with large, complex datasets; retail industry experience strongly preferred     
A degree in a quantitative discipline e.g. actuarial studies, mathematics / statistics, engineering, computer science etc   
Experience in designing technical solutions is desirable   
Experience in Spark / Scala, R, modelling and unsupervised learning is desirable, with the ability to pick up new languages and techniques   
Stakeholder and project management experience is desirable  
Experience with using one of the following in a commercial environment is desirable: GBM/XG Boost, GLM (logistic regression), Clustering, Neural nets/deep Learning /deep nets, Multivariate regression      
Ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience  
A natural flair for problem solving  
Easily adaptable in a fast-paced environment  
Innovative / outside the box thinking   
  
 What else can I look forward to?   
  
Join our team of intelligent and fun people in an environment where colleagues quickly become friends. You might find our team working hard trying to solve tough, technical problems for our clients or winding down with a drink in hand in our coworking home offices (currently based in Bentonville, San Francisco and Chicago). We believe there is more to a successful career than just hard work and recognise the need to balance personal commitments with work. We also provide:    
   
Competitive compensation   
Robust medical, dental, vision and life insurance   
Flexible spending account  
Commuter tax benefit  
Retirement 401(k) plan with 6% employer contribution   
Company overnight trip to celebrate Quantium’s birthday   
  
Quantium are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We are a multicultural team of various beliefs, sexual orientations and gender identities. We celebrate our diversity of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status and disability status.  
  
  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Chicago, IL 60604 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         fk03hu6-0
