Role Summary:The Data Scientist will work in teams addressing statistical, machine learning and data understanding problems in a commercial development environment. In this role, you will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets. 
Essential Responsibilities:We are looking for data scientistis that want to revolutionize the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) space by creating new cloud based and edge based products based upon machine learning approaches to help our customers better understand how to optimize performance of their power generating units.  With over one third of the worlds power generation in our rapidly developing IIoT infrastrature, you will have a true opportunity to make a major impact on the worlds largest IIoT implementation.   
As a Data Scientist, you will be part of a cross-disciplinary team on commercially-facing development projects, typically involving large, complex data sets. These teams typically include statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert with partners in GE business units. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics across infrastructure and industrial sectors, financial portfolio risk assessment, and operations optimization. 
Essential Responsibilities:  
In this role you will:  

Develop analytics within well-defined projects to address customer needs and opportunities.  

Work alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services.  

Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics.  

Perform exploratory and targeted data analyses using descriptive statistics and other methods.  

Work with data engineers on data quality assessment, data cleansing and data analytics  

Generate reports, annotated code, and other projects artifacts to document, archive, and communicate your work and outcomes.  

Share and discuss findings with team members.   
Qualifications/Requirements:  

Bachelors Degree in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics)  

Prefer a minimum 2 year data science development in a commercial setting 
Eligibility requirements  

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required.  We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job    

Must be willing to travel   

Must be willing to work out of an office located in Austin TX, Boston MA, Atlatna GA or San Ramon CA.   
Desired Characteristics:  

Demonstrated skill in the use of one or more analytic software tools or languages (e.g., SAS, SPSS, R, Python)  

Demonstrated skill at data cleansing, data quality assessment, and using analytics for data assessment  

Demonstrated skill in the use of applied analytics, descriptive statistics, and predictive analytics on industrial datasets  

Prefer candidate with machine learning background familiar with open source machine learning environments (e.g.. TensorFlow, SKLearn, Torch, Theano, etc)   
Technical Expertise:   

Demonstrated awareness of feature extraction and real-time analytics methods  

Demonstrated awareness of analytic prototyping, analytic scaleup, analytic scaling, and solutions integration   
Domain Knowledge:  

Demonstrated awareness of industry and technology trends in data science  

Demonstrated awareness of customer and stakeholder management and business metrics    
Leadership:   

Demonstrated awareness of how to function in a team setting  

Demonstrated awareness of critical thinking and problem solving methods  

Demonstrated awareness of presentation skills   
Personal Attributes:   
Demonstrated awareness of how to leverage curiosity and creativity to drive business impact   DTR 
About Us:GE (NYSE:GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GEs mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com  
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law. 
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening.Additional Locations:United States;California, Georgia, Massachusetts, Texas;Austin, San Ramon, Atlanta, Boston; 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Austin, TX 78716 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_2772886e61a47a56054d536c74e7b515
