TITLE: Lead Data Scientist 
DUTIES: Lead a team of data scientists and lead machine learning/data analysis projects. Partner cross-functionally with product and finance teams to drive strategy &amp; optimize tactics related to risk and credit decisions. Use statistical and technology-based techniques to design a consumer debt and credit risk model to address business needs. Implement a model to recognize fraud case patterns &amp; develop strategies to eliminate them. Identify process bottlenecks using data analysis skills and provide solutions. Use data visualization tools to facilitate performance assessment procedure and decision-making for firm employees who are not data specialists. Analyze and interpret impact of credit and risk strategies in line with broader corporate goals. Sales, net loss, revenue and growth projection through mathematical modeling and Monte Carlo simulation. Mentor and teach junior data scientists in deep learning methodologies based on project requirements. 
REQUIREMENTS: M.S. in Financial Mathematics or Statistics or foreign degree equivalent. Programming Languages: Python, C#, Golang, MATLAB; DB &amp; Management Skills: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Prometheus SQL, Amazon Redshift, Object and Relational DB; Machine/Deep Learning Skills: Supervised &amp; Unsupervised Learning, SVM, Pattern Recognition, Dimensionality Reduction, Reinforcement Learning, Convolutional Neural Networks, TensorFlow, Anomaly Detection, Optimization Algorithms, Monte Carlo Simulation; Business Intel Tools: Amazon Quicksight, Apache Superset, Grafana, Tableau. Demonstrate required skills through satisfactory completion of academic course work or project completion in graduate level program. Must complete &ldquo;Data and Development&rdquo; challenge during interview process to prove technical skills and abilities. The challenge should be completed within 2 hours using Python Jupyter notebook. 
SALARY: $95,000/year 
HOURS: 40 hrs/week, M - F  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Minneapolis, MN 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Internet Services
