Essential Duties:   The successful applicant will conduct research in support of the Coastal Aquaculture Siting and Sustainability (CASS) Program headquartered at the NOAA National Centers for Coastal Ocean Science (NCCOS) laboratory in Beaufort, North Carolina.  This position will support data acquisition and processing of marine spatial planning data supporting aquaculture screening and siting in U.S. coastal waters. 
Specific duties include:  

Acquire biogeophysical data for coastal U.S. waters  

Create and update of GIS data layers as requested for use in GIS applications  

Organize and process data at various resolution and spatial scales  

Integrate GIS with various existing datasets  

Establish data rules and relationships to maintain data integrity and to simplify data entry through defining network and topology rules  

Assign and maintain domains and subtypes. Ensure best available data is being used across the spectrum of GIS datasets   
Minimum requirements include:  

B.S. or M.S. (preferred) in Computer Science, Geographic Information Systems, Information Technology or related field.  

At least 2 years of relevant experience in spatial data management required.  Applicants may substitute additional relevant education for required experience.  

Demonstrated proficiency in ArcMap 10.X, ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS online  

Demonstrated knowledge of database design principles and the ability to organize and manage GIS data and create relevant metadata for GIS data products  

Demonstrated knowledge of geometric networks  

Proficient in the methods, practices, and techniques of data processing  

Basic knowledge of marine biology or related discipline  

Demonstrated ability to work in the Windows operating system environment, and proficiency in MS Word and Excel.   

Ability to maintain focus and quality on routine and repetitive tasks  

Ability to be flexible in responding to changes in schedules and job priorities  

Ability to work flexible hours, including some long days and infrequently on weekends  

Ability to work independently and in a team environment  

Ability to follow safety standards and conduct work in an environmentally conscientious manner  

A valid US drivers license  

Ability to work in the US without sponsorship   
CSS, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.  CB 
ID: 2019-2045  
Security Clearance Requirement: N/A  
External Company Name: CSS-Dynamac  
External Company URL: http://www.dynamac.com/  
Street: 101 Pivers Island Road 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Beaufort, NC 28516 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_c1674b209364e80bc2adb451993cc2e5
