Organization:Accenture Federal Services 
Location: Suitland, MD 
Accenture FederalServices, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company withoffices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served everycabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. AccentureFederal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clientsat defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military healthorganizations. 
We believe that great outcomes are everything. Its what drives us to turn boldideas into breakthrough solutions. By combining digital technologies with whatworks across the worlds leading businesses, we use agile approaches to helpclients solve their toughest problems fastthe first time. So, you can deliverwhat matters most. 
Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change andput customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bringover 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including everycabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers workwith our clients at the heart of the nations priorities in defense, intel,public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the peopleyou employ, serve and protect. 
Are you interested in leveraging your analytical expertise andstrategic vision to improve mission execution? If so, then Accenture FederalServices is the place for you! Our data scientists are helping clients embracemachine learning and artificial intelligence to advance the national securitymission. Were working with Agencies to exploit the worlds increasing dataflow to yield powerful insights. We assist clients with the entirety of thedata science pipeline, enabling clients to ask the right questions or theirdata, build powerful models that find hidden patterns, and ultimately decipherresults. In this time of disruption, organizations need to navigate the futurewith confidence while embracing decision making with clear, data-drivenalternatives that deliver value in a meaningful business environment. 
In this role you'll lead groups of innovative scientists andexpert story-tellers, who interact directly with clients to construct enduringand impactful solutions. Youll have the opportunity to lead work on a numberof mission problems to rapidly build capability requiring the ability to adaptto unique client environments and use cases. Youll be part of a diverse teamof industry experts who specialize in data engineering, data mining, machinelearning, statistics, and visualization with global reach back to Accenturesover 2,100 Data Scientists.  
What youll be doing:  

Be innovative and entrepreneurial to work within a "start-up like" environment  

Be an advisor to the data science team and provide expertise and direction on complex analytical modeling problems  

Work with cross-functional teams to help them implement solutions  

Research methods to improve statistical inferences of variables across models  

Solve quantitative problems  

Consult on industry standard solutions as well as new innovative techniques   
Basic requirements:  

Bachelor's     degree in a technical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics  

5 years experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modeling (regression, correlation, clustering, etc.)  

4 year of experience consulting or experience in a similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery  

2 years of team lead or project management experience  

3 years experience using analytics tools and languages - R, Python, SAS, etc.  

3 years experience combining data sets, extracting key variables, and creating new variables to enhance modeling  

US Citizenship required   
Preferred skills:  

Advanced degree statistics, data science, or similarcomputational concentration that is business-oriented, or an MBA  

3 years experience performing basic ETL functions andunderstanding of data quality steps/measures  

Experience working with DOD and other federal agencies andclient  

Understanding of Professional Services or SystemIntegration organization  

Ability to comprehend, synthesize, and report on data andmetrics  

Experience creating and presenting executive levelbriefings  

Experience preparing business development and accountplans  

Experience managing opportunity pipelines     
An active security clearance or theability to obtain one may be required for this role. 
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliatedAccenture business may not be eligible for consideration.  
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does notnow or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorizationin the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TNvisa or any other non-immigrant status). 
Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer ofFemales/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. 
Equal Employment Opportunity  
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed,color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteranstatus, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information,marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal,state, or local law. 
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records ofconviction or arrest as part of the hiring process. 
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to ourservice men and women. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Suitland, MD 20746 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_f2143053c5caccbd8de445249139c55c
