CodaMetrix is a well-capitalized and early-stage company focused on solving some of the more interesting problems in healthcare administrative and clinical areas. The company was formed by the Massachusetts General Physician Organization to help commercialize and build upon internally developed, and highly utilized AI-based applications. 
CodaMetrix is led by proven entrepreneurs, technology and healthcare veterans, whose vision is to create a highly desirable atmosphere for technical talent to flourish and develop innovative, significant, reliable, and broadly utilized solutions.
As an early-stage company,  specific responsibilities will evolve, and significant job expansion and promotion opportunities are available. 
Job DescriptionThe machine learning senior data scientist reports to the Director of Machine Learning and AI. 
The machine learning team is responsible for the invention, analysis, and deployment of new machine learning techniques using healthcare data to improve administrative and clinical medicine.
This is a unique opportunity for a passionate individual about innovation in machine learning, and AI. This is a fast-paced, collaborative and iterative environment requiring quick learning, agility and flexibility.
ResponsibilitiesInnovate, implement and test machine learning and deep learning techniques at scale. Analyze the quality and calibration of predictive models. Collaborate with  machine learning and engineering team members for deployment of new machine learning techniques, and follow deployments tracking issues and successes.Interface with medical coders, administrators, and physicians to understand the strengths and weaknesses of existing products and to help develop new machine learning-empowered products. 
Requirements  M.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field and 5 years of related work experience in ML and AI. Hands on experience with machine learning approaches and understanding of the analysis, testing processes of machine learning techniques.Familiarity with deep learning approaches such as CNN, RNN and Reinforcement learning.Hands on experience with SQL and non-SQL databases. Proficiency in one or more of programming languages such as Python, Java, C, or C++.Demonstrated end-to-end project leadership.Strong verbal, visual, and written communication skills.
﻿Beneficial ExperiencePhD in Computer Science, Mathematics or related field.Demonstrable experience with NLP applications.Publications in major ML/NLP conferences, and/or participation in Kaggle or similar competitionsSome knowledge of US healthcare systems.
Working EnvironmentBoston-based position, working out of our Back Bay officeOccasional travel to professional seminars and conferences
Compensation:Highly competitive and commensurate with level of experience
Our company, as well as our products, are made better because we embrace diverse skills, perspectives, and ideas.
﻿CodaMetrix is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment.

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02117 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         8 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         7484_1315867430
