Company Overview:   

 
The ADT Corporation (NYSE: ADT) is a leading provider of security and automation solutions in the United States and Canada for homes and businesses, people on-the-go and their network. Making security more accessible than ever before, and backed by 24/7 customer support, ADT delivers same-day service and live answer within seconds in customer operations, helping customers feel more safe and empowered. ADT is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida and employs approximately 17,500 people throughout North America. More information is available at www.adt.com. 
 

 Position Summary:   

 
Conduct analytics as directed by the senior manager and technical program manager to drive Care Results (Consumer sentiment, Lifetime Value, Avg. handle time, First Call Resolution, Transfers, Discounts, Truck rolls). Using the data, we will help identify trends in customer issues, questions, and concerns to provide feedback to the business.   

 

 Position Responsibilities:   

 

 Speech and Text   
 
Develop deep functional understanding of all aspects of ADT business – Customer Care, Marketing, Direct Sales, Dealer Channel, Digital channels, Tele sales &amp; Retention, Field Installation and Products – both through listening to customer interactions and interaction with the functional groups. 
Develop and maintain Analytics queries in Nexidia (and/or Nice) to support the business and improve KPIs (FCR, Transfers, JCR, etc.) 
Diligently identify relevant phrases and words to improve the existing lexicon and overall analysis efforts (both speech and text) 
Leverage existing and new queries through call listening and text analytics to analyze calls related to the development of new products, initiatives and processes including pre- and post-implementation changes     

 Sentiment   
 
Conduct sentiment analysis on common call drivers by leveraging multiple sources (Systems, Calls, Reports, etc.) to understand how our customers interact with our core services and products 
Serve as a SME to interpret text and speech analytics data to derive insights regarding agent/system capability, process opportunities and customer satisfaction   
Identify trends and patterns for unnecessary calls using Nexidia, Metadata, SQL and process knowledge 
Translate information into actionable insight through analytics (call listening, data mining) to understand cause-effect relationships between existing processes (Troubleshooting, Billing, Collections, Marketing, etc.) that drive call volume, unnecessary truck rolls and transfers  
 Data and Outputs  
 
Mine massive amounts of data in Oracle/SQL server for various lines of business to extract useful product or process insights 
Aptitude to convert and blend raw data sets into clean, validated sources of data for visualization (i.e., graphs, statistics, images and lists) 
Play a leading role in delivering consistent, clear and engaging content to key partners by sharing findings through creative storytelling 
Conceptualize, design and develop data visualizations that synthesize insights from call analytics to help others easily interpret and understand the data being presented (via Tableau, PowerPoint, Power BI, etc.).    
 

 Education, experience and skills:   
 
Bachelors in Software, Math, Statistics, Business, IT or Engineering is a must. 
3-5 years of Databases/SQL hands on expertise. Oracle preferred. 
3-5 years of data analytics experience with one or more of the following: 
Call analytics (Nice, Verint, Nexidia or similar) 
Advanced Data analytics (SAS, Teradata, R, Matlab or similar) 
Databases (SQL, Oracle, SQL server) 
Visualization, reporting (Tableau, Advanced Excel, Advanced PowerPoint skills) 
Operations esp. customer care/billing systems experience 
Structured top down thinking and crisp written and oral communication. 
Security/monitoring industry experience is good. Curiosity to learn is even better. 
Cultural fit: Be a poet with logic, data, facts, diagrams and insights.   

 What this role will offer:   
 
Autonomy: We will give you tools and resources; we will expect results 
Purpose: Help us design a world class customer experience 
Mastery: Become hands on expert in Customer Care call analytics   

  
 ADT LLC is an EEO Employer    
 Want to learn more about ADT?    
 Visit us online at www.adt.com    
 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Jacksonville, FL 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1912468
