At Tala, we are connecting millions of people to the financial services they deserve. The Data Science, Research & Statistics team operates in a nimble working style, flexing between a variety of business questions and data needs. You will have the opportunity to investigate and solve big questions other companies have yet to find solutions for such as digital identity management and understanding customers fully based on their mobile data. You will be part of an innovative and fast growing team that pushes to provide access, choice, and control to millions of customers.

As a Data Scientist, your goal is to fully integrate with the organization to understand and resolve key business questions through robust exploratory analytics and modeling. In addition, you have the ability to coach and mentor other team members on best practices and our technical tools.

This role will be based out of our Santa Monica, CA office.

In this role you will:

Become an in-house expert on our data infrastructure, proper data extraction and manipulation, and develop scalable, self-service reporting in key business questions.

Build foundational code that levels up the entire team and accelerates our ability to derive customer insights and product performance.

Fully integrate with a cross-functional team to perform data analytics, experimentation, and model testing as we scale into more complex business practices and multiple markets.

Cross-train and mentor team members who are developing their technical and project management capabilities.

Collaborate with Engineering and other Data Science team members to share knowledge around best practices and to QA their work.

Identify new data opportunities and tooling for the organization to improve our analytics and platform environments.

What you’ll bring to the team:

Data driven mindset with advanced degree preferred in a quantitative discipline such as Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering or Mathematics

3+ years of relevant analytical work experience in analyzing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing data insights into actionable recommendations

Experience in building visualization tools such as Tableau and Looker

Fluency in at least one analytics language (ex. Python, R)

2+ years experience in SQL

Proficiency GitHub, bash commands

What excites us:

Experience with an early stage data science team

Experience in emerging markets (either personally or in professional scope)

Advanced modeling and machine learning expertise outside of school or Kaggle

Ability to look beyond the immediate deliverable, find the real data problem, and solve for it

We strongly believe that inclusion fosters innovation and we’re proud to have a diverse team with a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences. We focus on hiring talented people regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

About Tala:

Tala is the leading mobile technology and data science company committed to financial inclusion globally. Millions of people have borrowed through Tala's smartphone app, which provides instant, personalized credit to underserved customers in East Africa, Southeast Asia, and Latin America. Tala is backed by leading venture and impact investors including PayPal, Revolution Growth, IVP, and Lowercase Capital. Tala is headquartered in Santa Monica with additional offices in Nairobi, Manila, Dar Es Salaam, Mexico City, and Bangalore.
