Driven by Curiosity. 

Our client believes that everything we do has a lasting impact on our customers and on each other. It begins and ends with a passion for helping our customers succeed.
To give them our best, we empower our team with the autonomy they need to make smarter decisions and pursue higher value.
We thrive on exploration, collaboration, and helping every customer grow their business beyond imagination. Fueled by technology and innovation, we are so much more than business cards.

 About Our Team: 

As the Data Scientist, you will be a "go-to” domain expert in data science and machine learning, leading the charge on innovative work, mentoring more junior data scientists.
You will also guide high-profile projects - not just delivering solutions, but identifying opportunities and determining the work. Your statistical, computer science and business domainexpertise will have a significant influence on our business.
You will join a core team of Data Scientists, working with Marketers, Analysts, Engineers and Product Owners to forge new paths and revolutionize how data is utilized to deliver value. You'll seek ways to improve, communicate openly, and be an active problem-solver. Throughout the design, development, and delivery stages you will surprise yourself with new levels of professional and personal growth.

 What You Will Do:            
  Engage with partners to advise on analytical project requirements, discuss methodologies and negotiate deliverables.           
  Learn, practice, and work with others to use new tools in an inspiring technical environment that combines both coding skills, web technologies and real-time data.           
  Analyze pre-existing models and algorithms; suggest how to improve the efficiency and effectiveness, to drive value to the organization           
  Deliver a range of custom Data Science projects that may include Recommendation Systems, Price Optimization; Time Series Modeling; Customer Lifetime Value Customer, Propensity Modeling); Image Recognition; The list goes on.           
  Be a thought leader within the Data Science team, staying current with trends and technologies       You Have:            
  Extensive machine learning and modeling experience, and have delivered multiple projects as a lead scientist or in a similar capacity           
  MSc in Statistics, Mathematics, Operational Research or similar field           
  Strong programming skills in Python and R           
  Hands-on experience using "big data technologies”           
  Experience of software engineering techniques including version control, continuous integration, unit testing.           
  Stakeholder management; ability to independently communicate technical and statistical concepts to non-practitioners, and influence the application.       Considered as a plus:            
  Spark, Java, Scala           
  PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Operational Research or similar field           
  Bayesian Statistics           
  Experience using standard libraries (scikit-learn, MLlib, TensorFlow, MXNet, PyMC3)           
  Agile working methodology           
  Relevant work in an e-commerce environment     

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Lexington, MA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-01423
