MNCP is currently recruiting and interviewing for a Data Scientist for a high profile company in Las Vegas. If you love Artificial Intelligence then this is the role for you!   Job duties include but are not limited to   The Data Scientist is be responsible for developing solutions using Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence solutions that deliver insights to enterprise customers. The resource would be expected not only to develop predictive analytics based solutions but also articulate this as actionable insights.   The position reports to The Artificial Engineering Lead Manager and will work with extended team members from Business Intelligence, Data Engineering, Corporate IT and business partners across gaming, hospitality, marketing and corporate functions.  RESPONSIBILITIES-    Should work as individual contributor for deliverables with minimal supervision to deliver solutions but also be able to collaborate with other data scientists and analysts to design, implement and execute AI projects.  In collaboration with extended team, define, design and develop tools based on AI technologies.  Should be a seasoned data scientist whose main focus is Machine Learning  Programming Technologies used Python and R  need to be well-versed in these  Perform advanced predictive modelling to unearth key metrics and define success.  Be able to perform data analysis and analytics  Inclined to learn new technologies that align with organizational goals   Ability to train and mentor junior resources in Advanced analytics and across teams.      SkillExperienceEducation   POSITION REQUIREMENTS-    Masters with 4 years PHD with 2 years OR Bachelors with 6+ years in in Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning andor AI.  Extensive skills within Machine Learning   Excellent understanding of understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Regression and others  Extensive predictive analytics experience using supervised and unsupervised learning techniques with PythonR  Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, and regression.  Strong written and verbal communication skill      PREFERRED  -Exposure in Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Recommendation Systems, Pattern Recognition, Large Scale Data Mining or Artificial Intelligence -Experience with Deep learning platforms such as TensorFlow -DevOps knowledge is a plus -Experience with data and machine learning services using Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), and  or Google Cloud

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Las Vegas, NV 89101 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_590ec25acbaa5dde772fb162fab9a33a
