Creator Marketplace is the home for Spotify’s music industry products, such as Spotify for Artists, Spotify Label Analytics and Spotify Publisher Analytics.

The Creator Product Insights Team is a thriving insights community of 20+ Data Scientists and User Researchers who blend their skills to help us shape the future of the Creator Marketplace by defining the next generation of music industry products.

We are looking for a Data Scientist to help us continue to develop our music industry products, and develop high quality and relevant marketing campaigns to draw even more users to our platform. You will be working with a multidisciplinary team to answer questions such as: Who are our most valuable users? How do we educate artists on all of our tools? Where should we grow next?

Our mission is to turn terabytes of data into insights and get a deep understanding of the world of music and their creators. You will study user behaviour, set measures for success, determine campaign performance and work on mixed media modelling.

Together, we’ll come up with exciting and effective ways to help artists succeed. You’ll join us to craft a strategy rooted firmly in data, that delivers on a future vision for the music industry through effective planning, behavioral analysis, experimentation, optimization. You’ll pair with marketing managers, user researchers, product and design to understand the performance of products and their impact on the market.

 What you’ll do

Work closely with cross-functional teams of data scientists, marketing managers, and R&D who are passionate about Spotify’s success.

Develop a deep understanding of our audience through exploratory analysis to generate hypotheses and identify growth opportunities.

Work closely with marketing on multi-channel attribution (both short and long-term) and mixed media modeling.

Design and implement experiments (A/B and multivariate) to optimize acquisition, engagement, and reactivation of artists, labels, managers, and podcasters.

Who you are

You have 4+ years of relevant experience in marketing analytics, with a degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, economics, psychology or another quantitative discipline.

You have the technical competence to perform advanced analytics: coding skills (such as Python or Scala), experience with dashboarding tools (Tableau, Looker, SQL) and experience performing analysis with large datasets.

You possess statistical competence (such as attribution modelling, reporting, forecasting, significance testing, predictive modelling, etc).

It’s a plus if you have

Experience with designing, auditing & implementing the data infrastructure needed for tracking marketing campaigns.

A solid understanding of how ad networks & media campaigns work.

We’re looking for Data Scientists to join us at multiple levels. We will have an open discussion throughout the interview process about assessing which level and platform you fall within at Spotify.
