Data Scientist - 40764

Data Science - USA Emeryville, California

Data Scientist

Job Purpose:

The Data Scientist for Gracenote Connectivity is responsible for supporting custom analysis using data from existing products and assisting in the development and coding of novel client solutions.

Job Responsibilities

Data Science product support (includes new feature development, methodology, client inquiry response)

Work across different data sources to help develop integrated vertical solutions for Connectivity

Work with the product leadership team to ensure compatibility of developing solutions with commercial need

Work with the Technology team to transform data streams into business insights

Coordinate with Operations team to transition completed solutions to production

Assist cross-functional teams in design, implementation, and testing of product solutions.

Provide research support the identification and implementation of methods and best practices to improve product quality.

Work across products when advanced/custom analysis is required for specific business opportunities.

Role Requirements

Expertise in Python through relevant experience or through training

Strong SQL skills and relevant experience

Ability to manipulate/munge data, analyze, and interpret results of data analysis

Experience in distributed data technologies and AI / machine learning

B.S. or Master’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Social Science, Operation Research, or other hard sciences (e.g., Engineering, Computer Science, Biology, Physics, etc.) with analytical experience.

Experience in trend analyses, multivariate statistics, bias reduction, weighting

Data visualization experience (e.g., Tableau, Spotfire, Microstrategy, Domo, etc.)

One to three years of relevant experience

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Proficiency in SAS, SPSS, R, Matlab, or other statistical packages.

ABOUT NIELSEN

We’re in tune with what the world is watching, buying, and everything in between. If you can think of it, we’re measuring it. We sift through the small stuff and piece together big pictures to provide a comprehensive understanding of what’s happening now and what’s coming next for our clients. Today’s data is tomorrow’s marketplace revelation.

We like to be in the middle of the action. That’s why you can find us at work in over 100 countries. From global industry leaders to small businesses, consumer goods to media companies, we work with them all. We’re bringing in data 24/7 and the possibilities are endless. See what’s next with us at Nielsen: careers.nielsen.com

Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class.

Job Type: Regular

Primary Location : Emeryville , California

Secondary Locations: CA - San Francisco, , ,
