We are seeking a talented individual for a Junior Data Scientist position. The successful candidate will have 1-2 years of experience in working with big data, have an interest in data wrangling and analytical modeling, and a desire to become a subject matter expert in health care data. This role will be responsible for developing, testing, and validating Predictive/Machine Learning models in support of business objectives.

Essential Responsibilities:

Design, develop, test, validate, and deploy Predictive Analytics/Machine Learning (ML) /Statistical models as part of new product development and/or projects.

Work closely with senior data scientists and engineers to deploy models to production both in batch and real-time.

Build data sets from multiple data sources and write data flows using Python and R, SQL/Spark.

Use data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Kibana, Zeppelin) to share ongoing insights.

Present findings to technical audiences.

Stay up-to-date on ML, Big Data technologies sharing learnings with the teams.

Qualifications :

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Exceptional problem-solving abilities with an understanding of statistical methods.

Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and especially the ability to communicate data clearly to clients.

Accuracy with work, strong organizational skills, attention to detail and the ability to multi-task.

Work Conditions and Physical Demands

Primarily sedentary work in a general office environment

Ability to communicate and exchange information

Ability to comprehend and interpret documents and data

Requires occasional standing, walking, lifting, and moving objects (up to 10 lbs.)

Requires manual dexterity to use computer, telephone and peripherals

May be required to work extended hours for special business needs

May be required to travel at least 10% of time based on business needs

Minimum Education:

B.S. or M.S. in Stats, CS, Math, Physics, Economics, or other quantitative field preferred

Minimum Related Work Experience

1-2 years’ of industry experience in Data Science/Machine Learning developing, testing, validating, and/or deploying ML models with business impact. Examples of models include, but are not limited, to Linear/Non-Linear/Logistic/Ridge regression, SVMs, NNs, Decision Trees, Ensemble modeling, Text Mining; exposure to Time-series analysis and forecasting algorithms is a strong plus.

1-2 year’s hands-on, industry experience with big data and languages such as e.g. SQL, Python, R, Scala

1-2 years’ experience in data analysis using Relational Databases (e.g. Teradata, SQL Server) and SQL.

1 year’s experience with Hadoop and familiarity with Apache Spark.

Experience with one or more deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe) is a plus.

Experience implementing solutions in a cloud environment (AWS or Azure) is a plus.

Experience from working in Lean and Agile environments is a plus.

Experience working with healthcare data a strong plus.

Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

EOE including disability/veteran

Job Posting : Jul 2, 2019, 10:28:48 PM

Work Locations : USA-Texas-Irving
