Senior Data Scientist

Tatari is expanding and we’re looking for an experienced data scientist to join the team. In this role, you will work in a fast-paced environment, with diverse data sets and technologies to produce production quality, scalable, automated, solutions to a diverse set of challenging data problems. Reporting to our Sr. Director, Data Science, you will have the freedom to utilize the latest technologies to solve challenging problems, create innovative applications from the ground up and understand exactly what it takes to create a reliable online experience for our customers. This role collaborates closely with our technology teams to provide profound insights from your analysis, and optimize our business, with the ultimate goal of helping Tatari redefine marketing analytics for tv and streaming video media buying.

Description

Manage multiple analytics projects to deliver end-to-end solutions, including: (1) development of KPIs; (2) development of new insights through the combination of datasets; and (3) maintenance of ongoing analytics datasets.

Collaborate closely with Technology and Engineering teams to improve existing products and build new ones

Automate data-driven tasks; design processes that require zero intervention.

Explore algorithms to help guide expansion opportunities into new lines of business

Work closely within a team of highly experienced, analytically-inclined professionals

Work cross-functionally within the organization to deliver integrated business solutions

Qualifications

Master’s in a technical field (e.g., Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, etc.)

5+ years of experience in a technology environment

Strong background designing and developing analytics capabilities

Intermediate to advanced experience in Data Manipulation Software (e.g., SQL, Python, Pandas)

A quick learner, with the ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment; adaptability and a strong self-teaching ethic are highly valued

Strong strategic thinking capabilities and project management skills

Nice to have: (1) PhD in a technical field; (2) Ability to manipulate, analyze, and interpret large amounts of data and to organize findings and translate into actionable insights using original or innovative techniques; (3) Working knowledge of statistics and probability, particularly their application in systems analysis and operations research; and (4) Industry experience a plus

This position can be located in Santa Monica or San Francisco, CA (local candidates only). Tatari pays competitive compensation with equity packages, and offers generous benefits (e.g. 100% healthcare including dependents, unlimited vacations, 401K, FSA, Commuter Benefits, etc). To apply, you must: 1) prove your eligibility to work in the US; and 2) submit a resume to job@tatari.tv, subject “Senior Data Scientist.”
