Overview

What do you get when you bring together the brightest minds and place them into an exciting, fast-paced environment that fosters intellectual growth and rewards based on impact, not tenure?

You get one of the fastest growing consulting companies in the United States. While we may be a new name in consultancy, we were born from a storied one. Guidehouse was founded in 2018 as an evolution of PwC Public Sector with a mission to help our clients deliver on their mission; providing bold new strategies that catalyze transformative results across all ends of the enterprise. We embrace brilliance. We embrace independence. Join us.

Responsibilities

Our consultants on the Data Analytics team help clients maximize the value of their data. This high performing team helps clients implement advanced analytical techniques such as machine learning and artificial intelligence to define their information strategy, enable mission critical insights, reduce cost and complexity, increase trust, and improve operational effectiveness.

Qualifications

Minimum Year(s) of Experience: 1 - 4 years

Minimum Degree Required: Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Economics, or similar quantitative discipline. Graduate degree preferred

US Citizenship required

Knowledge Preferred:

Demonstrates significant experience working with analytical models or techniques and the ability to apply such methods to an applicable challenge within the public sector. This background should include:

Statistical analysis and techniques;

Advanced proficiency in at least one programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS;

Visualization techniques and tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or R Shiny;

Advanced analytics techniques such as predictive modelling, simulation, artificial intelligence, and machine learning;

Business and operations analysis using quantitative techniques;

Human capital analytics, financial management, or advanced data visualizations.

Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment.

Skills Preferred:

Demonstrates thorough skills and/or proven success in a role participating in projects including the following:

Analyzing large and complex data sets, including a thorough aptitude for conducting quantitative and qualitative analyses;

Selecting and applying the appropriate analytical techniques in order to increase organizational efficiency;

Contributing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles, contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members;

Identifying and addressing client needs, building relationships with clients, demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks, communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor;

Communicating effectively to various audiences (including various levels of management and external clients) in a professional environment;

Coaching and collaborating with associates who assist with this work, including providing feedback and guidance on work performance.

Additional Requirements

This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification.

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer

Guidehouse is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. Employment decisions will be made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, military status, veteran status, handicap, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or other characteristics protected by law.

If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.

Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance

Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays

Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Student Loan Paydown

Basic Life & Supplemental Life

Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts

Short-Term & Long-Term Disability

Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities

Skills Development & Certifications

Employee Referral Program

Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach

Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program
