Develop algorithms to optimize capital allocation in the area of telecom network and project investment decisions. Responsibilities will include collecting and analyzing data to identify opportunities, designing algorithms to address these opportunities, and the ongoing tuning of the algorithm parameters. This work will involve cross-functional collaboration to understand and develop solutions to complex business problems. Employ techniques and theories drawn from mathematics, statistics, in particular from the subdomains of machine learning, classification, cluster analysis, and data mining.

Essential Duties

Clearly communicate methods, conclusions, and recommendations with simple language and innovative visualizations to management and executives.

Work effectively on a team as well as a self-driven individual to research and develop cutting edge solutions for the business.

Provide expertise in analyzing and visualizing large, complex, and unique data sets.

Create new insights that will drive business growth and profitability in the short and long term.

Qualifications

10+ years of experience with Bachelor's Degree, or 6+ years of experience with Master's degree,

or 4-6 years of experience with PHD

Field of Study Preferred: * *

Operations Research, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics and/or a field using Applied Statistics

Will a combination of education and experience be considered *

Yes

Job Requirements

Ph.D in Operations Research, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics, and/or a field using Applied Statistics. Candidates with strong backgrounds in at least two of the areas and an advanced degree in one are preferred (relevant work experience may substitute).

Strong experience with managing, analyzing, and visualizing large datasets.

Creativity and persistence in locating, extracting and analyzing any and all relevant data.

Programming experience with two or more of Python, R, Java, Scala, Mathematica, and C++.

Experience with relational and non-relational databases.

Strong analytical thinking and ability to quickly pick up new methods, tools and programming languages.

Problem solving versatility: making the best decisions possible given the data quality and time available.

Record of success and top-tier achievement in prior work and education experiences.

Past success in extracurricular math/science activities or competitions is highly regarded.

Alternate Location: US-Colorado-Broomfield

Requisition #: 213820

This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/

EEO Statement

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, "protected statuses"). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
