What you’ll be doing...

The Customer Experience Analytics Team within the Verizon Consumer Group manages the analytics and insights for new and existing Verizon customers across all digital channels including desktop, mobile, chat, and mobile apps as well as interactions across channels with our contact centers and retail channels.

As a Lead Data Scientist, you will perform various analyses to identify insights that drive actions within digital, assisted and across channels, increase customer digital conversion and revenue while also driving digital self-service, reducing overall business expense. This is a unique role to work on efforts to optimize revenue, conversion, and expense reduction within Verizon.

Use data to identify opportunities/actions to drive new acquisition sales and optimize conversion and revenue/profitability within the Verizon Digital platforms (desktop website, mobile website, mobile apps, chat, social, web bots, etc.).

Develop advanced analytical models and computational solutions using large-scale data manipulation and transformation, statistical analysis, machine learning, visualization, mathematical optimization and related advanced analytical techniques.

Analyze customer paths from Digital channels to call centers to help improve the online customer experience and reduce call volume and average handling time.

Become the Subject Matter Expert on performance of sales, service and support interactions / customer journeys across desktop/mobile site experiences, mobile app, social, web bots, and chat.

Complete the full analytics journey from stitching data together, analyzing data, creating powerful visualizations, and automating/implementing solutions that solve business problems.

Perform analyses that yield insights and drive actions on opportunities which improve business KPI performance.

Discover new opportunities to optimize the customer experience through analytics and statistical modeling using business analytical tools.

Design, develop, and deploy executive-level visualization based on key insights and outputs from analyses.

What we’re looking for...

You are a self-starter exceptional analytical capabilities and experience balancing multiple high-priority projects and meeting deadlines. You have an inquisitive nature and always digging through the data to mine insights on opportunities to improve the customer experience and business profitability. You enjoy a challenge and are capable of overcoming obstacles. People come to you for assistance and support on a wide range of topics. You are able to find solutions to problems even when you have not encountered them before.

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.

Four or more years of relevant work experience.

Experience with SQL, Teradata, SQL Server, Hive and Spark.

Experience with scripting languages such as Python/R or compiling languages such as C/C++ or Java.

Experience with Natural Language Processing (NLTK) and text analytics for information extraction, parsing and topic modeling.

Experience automating data within Tableau/ Qlik/ ggplot/ Shiny to tell an analytical story.

Experience connecting sales/operational/channel data between multiple online and offline datasources.

Even better if you have:

Master’s degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Business Analytics, Operations Research, Engineering, Statistics.

Strategy or business consulting experience (McKinsey, BCG, Bain or similar companies).

Experience in a fast paced environment with significant stakeholder communication and management.

Experience in digital analytics / customer analytics / omni-channel analytics with a demonstrated track record of results driving growth of revenue, conversion and overall profitability through an increase in Digital Channel Mix and self-service / DIY transactions.

Knowledge with Git (Bash or command line).

Experience applying advanced analytics techniques and solving business problems.

Knowledge of predictive/prescriptive analytics including Machine Learning algorithms (Supervised and Unsupervised), Artificial Neural Networks (CUDA, Keras, Tensorflow) or Combinatorics (Mixed Integer Programming).

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
