Our client is currently seeking a Data Scientist&nbsp;who will support internal operations and data architecture teams.

 *Please note this is a W2 opportunity*&nbsp; 


This job will have the following responsibilities: 
 
 Working with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.&nbsp; 
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.&nbsp; 
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.&nbsp; 
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. 
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.&nbsp; 
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. 
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
  

Qualifications &amp; Requirements:  
Four-year degree in a related Computer Science, Math or Statistical field of study 
&nbsp;7+ continuous years’ of professional experience as a Data Scientist. 
&nbsp;Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. 
&nbsp;Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.&nbsp; 
Experience working with and creating data architectures. 
&nbsp;Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. 
&nbsp;Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.&nbsp; 
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
    

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Philadelphia, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Healthcare Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         623095
