POSITION PURPOSE

The Data Scientist will be integral part of the Channel Management team responsible for complicated analytics related to ONE Supply Chain initiative, related to creating advanced analytics to support Pro Network, MDC, and FDC. The candidate will be able to take complex analytical tasks into easily understood data-driven stories that will allow to stock our DC properly with right product in the right location.

A Data Scientist leverages their technical abilities to synthesize complex analytical tasks into easily understood data-driven stories. Data Scientists are responsible for organizing, analyzing, and then sharing insights gleaned from data. Develops predictive systems and algorithms for identifying trends and driving business solutions. Utilizes industry-leading standards for working with very large datasets to extract meaningful business information using statistics, machine learning, and heuristics. Operates with minimal supervision and once given general assignments, prioritizes and executes tasks.

MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES

20%-Designs and develops algorithms and models that use large datasets to derive business insights.

20%-Establishes scalable, efficient processes for large scale data analyses, model development, and model implementation.

20%-Ensures the quality of work output by displaying a keen attention to detail.

20%-Designs and develops algorithms and models that use large datasets to derive business insights.

10%-Mentors and develops the technical skills of Analysts and Sr. Analysts.

10%-Seeks further knowledge on key developments within data science, technical skill sets, and additional data sources within Home Depot.

NATURE AND SCOPE

Position reports to Manager or Sr. Manager

This position has no direct reports

ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS

Environment:

Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

Travel:

Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Must be eighteen years of age or older.

Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Education Required:

The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.

Years of Relevant Work Experience: 3 years

Physical Requirements:

Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Additional Qualifications:

B.S. in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, or related quantitative field.

Work experience with SQL Server, Teradata, Oracle, or comparable database systems.

Expert knowledge in large scale information retrieval and statistical analysis.

Preferred Qualifications:

Work experience in data mining, statistical analysis, and/or forecasting.

Advanced technical skills to retrieve, manipulate, analyze and interpret large amounts of data (>1 billion rows).

A thorough understanding of SQL and intermediate knowledge of one other scripting/compiled/statistical programming language (VBA, Python, R, SAS, .NET, C++, Java).

Prior direct experience in analyzing the relevant subject matter (Supply Chain, Merchandising, Operations).

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

Critical thinking skills to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions; ability to understand and foresee implications of new information for current and future problems solving.

An unquenchable intellectual curiosity for getting at the underlying story being told within the data.

Ability to build scalable systems and solutions that analyze huge data sets and make actionable recommendations.

Strong written and verbal communications skills. Ability to persuade, inform, and influence others based on findings. A track record of taking complex results and communicating them in an easily understood way.

Ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools, and techniques
