Requisition ID: 223061

Work Area: Information Technology

Expected Travel: 0 - 10%

Career Status: Professional

Employment Type: Regular Full Time

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.

SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.

PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES

The SAP board area for Technology & Innovation is responsible for SAP’s overall platform and technology development such as SAP Cloud Platform and SAP HANA. In addition, T&I drives the incubation and adoption of intelligent technologies like Analytics, SAP Leonardo Machine Learning and IoT across SAP’s product portfolio. The T&I board area is also in charge of SAP’s global innovation agenda and builds new technology and market driven innovation to help customers realize the most business value.

With the SAP Innovation Center Network as part of SAP Technology & Innovation, we pioneer transformative technologies to build the future we want to live in. Colleagues across the globe drive the incubation and adoption of new technologies to solve emerging challenges.

If you are looking for an opportunity to solve deep technical problems and build innovative solutions in a fast-paced environment working within a smart and passionate team, this might be the role for you. Join us at the SAP Innovation Center Network!

EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS

In your role as Data Science Expert, Speech and Language, you will have the great opportunity to…

Identify emerging challenges and trends for speech and language technologies

Initiate and scope, and execute R&D projects, and mentor junior team members during incubation

Collaborate with other scientists and engineers within SAP.iO and the SAP Innovation Center Network

Contribute to developing a vibrant ecosystem between customers, partners, start-ups, academia and open-source communities

As Data Science Expert, Speech and NLP Technologies, you will explore methods and drive innovation in state-of-the-art technology areas at the intersection of ML, Speech and NLP. You will identify future scenarios and applications, and prototype systems that can perceive and interact with humans. The role gives you the chance to positively impact the way thousands of companies and organizations world-wide conduct their business. You will have the chance to work with and learn from passionate and talented innovators across SAP, its customers, and partners.

EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS / REQUIRED SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

PhD in ML, NLP, IR, Computer Science or a related field

Experience in designing and building commercial ML systems.

Scientific thinking and a track record of thought in your field of interest.

Proficiency in one more major programming language (C++, Java, or similar) and one or more scripting language (Python, or similar), and one Deep Learning Framework (MXNet, Tensor Flow, etc.)

Proficiency working in cloud-based machine learning environments

Excellent verbal/written communication skills

Ability to effectively collaborate with internal stakeholders, customers and partners

WORK EXPERIENCE

5+ years of work experience and applied research experience in the domain of ML, speech and NLP

2+ years of experience building commercial software and solutions based on ML technology

1+ years of work experience as functional lead in a small team

WHAT YOU GET FROM US

Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own.

A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now.

SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT

To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.

SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.

Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.

Additional Locations:
