Accelerated Enrollment Solutions (AES) is an innovative

business unit of PPD that offers both sponsors and CROs best-in-class site and enrollment

solutions, with tiered offerings combining the expertise of industry leaders

PPD, Synexus, Acurian and Optimal Research.

We are bringing a new standard to clinical trials that

delivers more patients from fewer sites in less time. We specialize in patient

enrollment for global clinical trials in over 50 therapeutic indications.

If you have a passion for improving patients’ lives and

delivering more therapies to patients faster, come join our team.

Purpose:

Executes advanced analytics modeling based on exploratory

data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets through application of

statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and/or

advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and

generate valuable predictive business insights in support of innovative

business decisions. Supports organization leadership through data-driven

decision validation and support.

Essential Job Functions/Responsibilities:

Effectively

collaborates with cross-functional stakeholders to identify questions and

business challenges and determine plans of action in order to effectively

define, design, and develop machine learning models and algorithms to

derive insights into each problem.

Generates

and tests hypotheses and analyzes and interprets the results.

Consolidates, analyzes and evaluates unstructured,

diverse data sources to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and

generate actionable business insights and solutions.

Navigates large, complex datasets to identify related

data that is fundamental to successfully applying predictive and machine

learning techniques, and supporting continuous improvement efforts and business

process upgrades

Designs, develops, and evaluates predictive models and

algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data in order to

support business process improvements and solve business challenges.

Identifies and evaluates new secondary data sources to contribute

to departmental and company objectives, as well as novel ways of analyzing

data, and drives resulting process improvement initiatives.

Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and

techniques for obtaining solutions.

Effectively communicates and guides stakeholders through

the machine learning process; Interprets and communicates findings and

solutions from analysis and experiments to a broad audience, including business

leadership.

Join PPD in our relentless pursuit of excellence -

apply now!

Minimum Required Education and Experience:

Bachelor’s

degree required; Master’s degree in

Statistics, Data Science preferred.

Minimum of

5 years professional experience in a role with comparable

responsibilities.

Experience

in data modeling and machine learning is highly desirable.

Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Strong

working knowledge of application of statistics, programming, data

modeling, and advanced mathematics to business questions for data analysis

Proven

experience in a data science programming language (e.g. Python, R, SAS

etc.) and other data science-related tools (e.g. SQL, Tableau, Google

Analytics)

In depth

knowledge in one or more of the following technical areas is preferred:

Snowflake, AWS EMR, Spark, etc.

Experience

of building statistical and machine learning models (such as linear

regression, logistical regression, random forest, k-nearest neighbors,

deep learning etc.)

Experience

of working with healthcare data is preferred

Proven

ability to deliver accurate work products in a cross-functional matrix

environment spanning data warehousing, data modeling, and data analytics

while managing multiple competing priorities

Sound

analytical skills and demonstrated proficiency in developing detailed

analysis and models

Ability to

quickly adapt to changing priorities and generate

Additional Information

Requisition ID: 155382

Additional Information

Requisition ID: 155382
