Introduction

As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.

Your Role and Responsibilities

Highly prefer candidates in Chicago, Atlanta, Dallas or New York City metro areas and will consider other candidates outside of these locations

IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is hiring a Data Scientist for our Cognitive & Analytics Consulting Practice. This is a customer-facing data scientist, and technical advisor role directly responsible for helping top-tier clients meet their business needs by developing complex and innovative solutions. In this role, you will have access to world-class industry talent and technology, as well as the training and career development tracks that will enable you to accelerate your skills and industry expertise in the cognitive era.

You will be responsible for:

Lead strategy discussions and help to design and develop a solution that meets clients goals and outcomes

Conduct data analysis and predictive analysis to meet client needs

Reverse-engineer implemented solutions to understand the client problem and resolve client challenges

BENEFITS

Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family Planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support and guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population.

ibm.com/employment/us/benefits/

ibm.com/press/us/en/pressrelease/50744.wss

CAREER GROWTH

Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through:

Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills and promoting internally

Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employee's strength and career aspirations

Diversity of people: Diversity of thought driving collective innovation

CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP

With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients and the communities we live, work, and play in!

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

3 years of experience with strong programming skills and data structures, with proficiency in Python, R, Java or similar and with related machine learning packages

Experience using Unix/Linux and the corresponding standard command line tools preferred

Deep understanding of machine learning techniques for classification, and regression is preferred.

Using NLP and ML techniques to extract structure from unstructured data

Knowledge of following AWS applications:

AWS SageMaker

AWS EKS and ECS

AWS Lambda

AWS Data Services (S3, RDS, Athena, EMR, etc.)

CI/CD

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

3 years of experience with MapReduce, Spark, or similar frameworks is preferred

Good technical knowledge of the Data (Structured, Unstructured) and Infrastructure Platforms (Hadoop, FDW, WebPaaS, TP, Cloud etc).

Platform ecosystem product and potentially developer knowledge to provide guidance and if required participate in design/code reviews

Working knowledge of TensorFlow, PyTorch, or similar frameworks

Data visualization experience a plus

Experience with neural network-based NLP is a plus

About Business Unit

IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
