Job Description

Your Impact at Thomson Reuters:

Discover previously hidden insights within our data which in turn can provide stronger revenue growth, drive competitive advantages, and improve the customer’s digital experience

Job Requirements:

Serve as a key team member on complex, strategic data projects ensuring high quality deliverables via data processing, predictive analytics and artificial intelligence techniques

Bring together and blend customer experience data from the disparate digital systems that our customers interact with along with our core marketing and sales systems of record

From this data, create algorithms to predict prospect probability to purchase, customer probability of retention, next most likely purchase and similar data points central to an optimized customer digital experience

Act as an operational advocate for data driven decisions, process optimization, and automation using predictive analytics and machine learning

Seek out opportunities to improve our analysis infrastructure and processes, from project request through experimental design and delivery, to business utilization of the output and findings

Experience:

At least 3+ Years of work experience on the following:

Ingestion, extraction and analysis of structured and unstructured datasets of any size (Big Data is a plus) from a variety of sources

Design and implementation of analytical, statistical and machine learning algorithms for analysis and predictions that drive company decision making

Design and execution of experiments, collecting and analyzing data, designing and implementing metrics to assess quality/performance of algorithms.

Knowledge/Skills:

Proficient in at least one of the following programming languages: Perl, C, Java, Scala and/or Python

Proficiency within statistical software such as SAS, SPSS, R, or MatLab

Strong skills in Tableau or other data visualization tools

Experience with Big Data and Hadoop analytics environments

Education

Bachelors (+3 years experience) in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or other quantitative field

Preferred Masters or PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or other quantitative field

At Thomson Reuters, we believe what we do matters. We are passionate about our work, inspired by the impact it has on our business and our customers. As a team, we believe in winning as one - collaborating to reach shared goals, and developing through challenging and meaningful experiences. With more than 25,000 employees in more than 100 countries, we work flexibly across boundaries and realize innovations that help shape industries around the world. Making this happen is a dynamic, evolving process, and we count on each employee to be a catalyst in driving our performance - and their own.

As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. To ensure we can do that, we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under applicable law. Thomson Reuters is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace.

We also make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and for sincerely held religious beliefs in accordance with applicable law.

Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us.

To learn more about what we offer, please visit thomsonreuters.com/careers.

More information about Thomson Reuters can be found on thomsonreuters.com.

Locations

Eagan-Minnesota-United States of America
