Sema4 is a next-generation health information company, spun out of the Mount Sinai Health System, that provides advanced genomic testing and merges big data analytics with clinical diagnostics.  Our team creates practical tools that help patients, clinicians, and researchers better diagnose, treat, and prevent disease.  We are striving to construct a more comprehensive picture of health by integrating three key elements: a wealth of clinical experience that informs the answers that patients and providers are seeking, the world-class academic research that illuminates a new direction, and the pioneering information science that puts all the pieces together.   


Sema4 Genomics is seeking a talented, self-motivated  Scientist  (Bioinformatics) to within its Pharma Solutions team to execute on pharmaceutical /payer / provider collaborations comprised of leading-edge research in translational bioinformatics to deliver clinical utility and insights. The successful applicant will be part of an interdisciplinary team that develops and applies computational methods and databases to analyze large-scale human genetic data, genomic data and clinical data to identify patient cohorts for drug development/repurposing and to conduct “real world” observational studies and analyses.  This position will require approximately 5% travel. 


 RESPONSIBILITIES  

 
	
Analyze preclinical and clinical genomic data including whole genome, whole exome, RNA-Seq, and genome-wide genotyping data, as well as new genomic data modalities. 
	
Develop and implement algorithms, statistical methods and tools to analyze large-scale human genomic data and genotyping data for genetic risks, disease mechanisms, and drug response. 
	
Integrate various data modalities including genetic, genomic, proteomic, eQTL, structural biology, and clinical data to enable therapeutic target identification and validation, disease model characterization, and discovery of biomarkers for pharmacodynamics, drug response, and patient stratification. 
	
Identify relevant internal and external data and knowledge resources and perform integrated bioinformatics data analyses. 
	
Collaborate with pharma partners to design genomic experiments, develop analysis approaches and execute bioinformatics analyses. 
	
Generate high quality, readily interpretable deliverables (e.g., data tables, graphs, charts, study reports). 
	
Maintain and expand expertise in various computing tools to leverage internal and external data sets to drive decisions. 
	
Together with business development colleagues, develop and maintain key relationships with pharmaceutical and life science partners, identify partner needs and communicate analytical results to partners. 
 


 REQUIREMENTS  

 
	
PhD in biomedical informatics, biostatistics, computer science, computational biology, genomics, genetics, or a related field. 
	
2+ years’ working experience in pharmaceutical / biotechnology / healthcare/ academia environment 
	
2+ years’ working experience in analyzing next generation sequencing (whole genome/exome and RNA-seq) and genotyping data 
	
Expertise in genetic, genomic and proteomics data analysis, including raw data processing and modeling of processed/normalized data, and familiarity with various technological platforms. 
	
Experience in working across EMR, claims and other like “real world” data combined with genetics and genomic data a strong plus. 
	
Outstanding knowledge of public repositories of genetic, genomic, and biological data 
	
Advanced hands-on knowledge of R and Python 
	
Working knowledge of relational databases (MySQL/Oracle/Postgres) 
	
Expertise in statistical methodologies such as predictive modeling and inference, machine learning methods, mixed effects models, multivariate analysis, etc is prefered. 
	
Experience working in Cloud Computing environments (eg. AWS) is preferred 
	
Excellent written and oral communication skills and ability to build strong relationships. 
	
Ability to work collaboratively with team members as a great team player. 
	
Ability to prioritize and effectively manage several projects simultaneously 
 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Stamford, CT 06902 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2f7555f6-c6f8-1524-e547-ae1a1d1938b3
