Intro: At a time when consumers are connected and empowered like never before, Sprinklr is helping the world's largest brands provide amazing experiences at every turn. Sprinklr offers a set of powerful social capabilities that allow our clients to reach, engage, and listen to customers across 24 social channels. We empower entire organizations to work together Ð across social, marketing, advertising, research, and customer care Ð to manage customer experience at scale. Most exciting, Sprinklr works with 50% of the Fortune 500 and nine of the world's 10 most valued brands, including McDonald's, Nestle, Nike, P&G, Shell, Samsung, and Visa.

At Sprinklr, we're customer obsessed, treat one another like family, and take extreme pride in who we are and what we're building Ð it is core to who we are as a company.

Insert Job Description : Meet Our Team - Talk about team What You'll Do - list job responsibilities Who You Are & What Makes You Qualified - list experience and skill requirements

Why You'll Love Sprinklr: We offer a flexible work environment, unlimited vacation, and generous pay and benefits packages. While we have some amazing perks, at the end of the day, Sprinklrites are here for the opportunity to grow, learn, and affect the industry with incredible ingenuity. #Sprinklrlife

¥ We focus on our mission: We believe social technology is the future of customer-brand relations across all departments, and we seek to make each of those experiences excellent at every touchpoint. This is how we all make the world more socialÑtogether.

¥ We invest in our people - Sprinklrites passionately, genuinely care about seeing one another succeed in making an impact on the industry. We pride ourselves on having an honest, open environment and a supportive culture where we can take risks together.

¥ We believe in our product - Sprinklr is the most complete enterprise social technology in the world, and we're not just saying thatÑForrester Wave said it for us! As such, we have many of the world's largest brands as our clients, and our employees have the opportunity to work closely alongside them.
