Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet

We are at a transformational moment in our company journey - and we’re so excited about it. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture, and to accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our purpose is to help customers improve business performance with Dun & Bradstreet’s Data Cloud and Live Business Identity, and we’re wildly passionate and committed to this purpose. So, if you’re looking to make an immediate impact at a company that welcomes bold and diverse thinking, come join us!

Dun & Bradstreet is looking for an exceptional data scientist, who will report to Dr. Anthony Scriffignano, the company's SVP/Chief Data Scientist and a part of CEO’s Office.

We continue to innovate in exciting areas including unstructured data, social sentiment, identity resolution, cybercrime, computational linguistics, sparse graph analytics, heuristics and quantum analytics. The role will be critical in helping Dun & Bradstreet succeed with strategic customers, partners and governments, as well as the ongoing creation of new intellectual property to advance foundational capabilities of the organization. We’re wildly passionate about our purpose, and it has us modernizing everything we do! So if you like the collaborative vibe of a “start-up,” but want the solidity of a storied brand, we are the place for you.

What would you be doing:

Strategy: Drive problem/opportunity formulation around the methods and scientific approach for significant internal and external applications.

Discovery: Collaborate with key internal stakeholders to identify unique opportunities to discover and exploit data assets using traditional and non-traditional methods of data synthesis, particularly focusing on new methods and intellectual property.

Curation: Derive and apply best practice to analyze the quality and character of data to address key unmet needs, including the design and implementation of scalable empirical research and the creation and refinement of new algorithms and compelling models. Drive structure and discipline around the evaluation and positioning of global data assets that serve unmet needs with complex challenges including diverse ontology, complexity around permissible use, lack of longitudinal data, and emerging disruptive competition.

Synthesis: Design processes to innovate around large, complex and dynamic data sets, including modeling and experiment design. Collaborate globally with key stakeholders and implementation partners on value assessment and use-case evolution. Drive results that matter.

Delivery: Contribute to the development of customer-facing material that communicates complex messages around data science in a consumable and compelling way, including data visualization, modeling, and opportunity cost articulation. Contribute to the ongoing creation of intellectual property that advances the enabling capabilities of the organization, especially related to unstructured data, identity, behavior, and sentiment.

Qualifications:

Related terminal degree required, PhD strongly preferred

7-10+ years operating successfully in data science roles, especially roles requiring cross-company collaboration and disciplined delivery of initiatives

Some multilingual competency preferred.

Skill-Based Competencies:

Strong skills in problem formulation and empirical process, including non-regressive methods for data analysis, progressive decomposition, and related capabilities

Demonstrated ability to build relationships across matrixed, multinational organizations

Demonstrated strategic thinking and advanced problem-solving skills

Must thrive in fast-paced environment with ability to multi-task and prioritize multiple projects with minimal supervision

Excellent oral and written communication / presentation skills, with a track record of successfully presenting to top-tier executive leaders

Ability to overcome ambiguity and get things done

Technical Skills:

Strong knowledge of evolving data science concepts and best practices including Big Data, graph analysis, non-regressive methods, and unstructured data synthesis and supervised/ensemble methodologies.

Ability to quickly develop an understanding of advanced concepts in emerging data science to advance and facilitate communication about the work of the group

Track record of both regressive and non-regressive analytical techniques (example of non-regressive techniques would be heuristic evaluation, graph inference, advanced anomaly detection)

Experience working with large graph networks, including sparse graphs is preferred

Experience with key data science tools, such as Mathematica (strongly preferred), Python, R, Hadoop, SAS, Tableau

Familiarity with neural networks and other forms of neuromorphic computing preferred but not required

Dun & Bradstreet is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, genetic information, protected military and veteran status, ancestry, marital status, medical condition (cancer and genetic characteristics) or any other characteristic protected by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with Dun & Bradstreet and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please send an e-mail with your request to TalentAcquisitionTeam@dnb.com. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are made on a case-by-case basis.

Please note that all Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://dnb.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/Careers and all communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com.
