Got Data? HEAD DATA SCIENTIST – Technology

Harbor Wholesale Foods, a Top 100 Employer located in south Puget Sound, is seeking a Head Data Scientist to anchor our data science department. This new and compelling role seeks a technology specialist in collaborative cross-functional data development, usage and analysis, to position Harbor effectively in a high growth and specialized market sector. This position will be an integral part of the executive team in a vibrant and progressive entrepreneurial office environment to build and maintain competitive edge.

This position requires the ability to stay focused on the big projects while teaching our technology team members how to fulfill the other requests. The better understanding of our business, the greater contribution to our success. The ability to communicate technical details in a fashion that allows us to understand the benefits of a project, via learning Harbor’s scope of business and how our actions translate into data, will be a critical component of the Head Data Scientist. The following are the core cognitive and functional elements in data science skills:

Ability to Finish – Capable of taking ideas/concepts and deliver a finished, simple, and useful technology for the end user.

Vision – Capable of utilizing their experience and knowledge to help us solve problems in a more efficient and informative manner. Being able to “see” the opportunities we may be missing. Providing another perspective.

Leadership – The ability to lead projects from start to finish. During the project process, showing exceptional: collaborative skills, inner personal relationships, inner departmental relationships, and accountability to success. The ability to lead/coach new team members contributing to the data science department. Shares their expertise and knowledge with other tech team members. Elevates the tech teams’ knowledge.

Professional Development - Understands the professional development process and becomes actively involved by setting challenging goals and meeting them through continuous learning. Seeks input from mentors and supervisors. Actively applies feedback received to day-to-day work and strives to improve performance.

Suitable candidates will have:

Exceptional business acumen

Excellent project management experience incorporating a wide variety of data sets

Enthusiastic learner

Works well with others in a team environment as well as independently

Desire and characteristics to be an effective leader

Friendly and cooperative

Advanced academics in support of this position

Education and Experience Required:

 MS-BA or MBA-BA

2+ years business experience outside academic work within a corporate setting

2+ years working with technical team

Develop and deploy data marts (warehouses, lakes, etc.)

Microsoft SQL Server: T-SQL, SSRS, SSAS

Microsoft Azure or similar: Data Lake, Data Lake Analytics, SQL as a service, DWH, Machine Learning, Data Factory, Data Bricks

Other Languages: R and/or Python, U-SQL

Microsoft Power BI design and deployment

Microsoft Visual Studio: 2015, 2017, team service, git hub, visual studio code.

Integration of data from 3rdparties.

Microsoft Office and O365: Excel, Word, Visio, Power BI

Microsoft Flow, PowerApps a plus.

Trello, TimeCamp, and MS Project a plus

Open to relocation.
