Data Scientist/Analyst

Location: Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, Washington, DC

Department: Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA)

Type: Full Time

Minimum Experience: Experienced

Security Clearance Level: Active TS/SCI w/ CI Poly

The clearance level stated above must be met for consideration for this specific opportunity. Unfortunately, FTC is unable to sponsor at this time.

Military Veterans are highly encouraged to apply!

Favor TechConsulting, LLC (FTC) is seeking a Data Scientist/Analyst with extensive Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) experience.

Essential Job Functions & Responsibilities:

Responsible for employing mathematics, statistics, information science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, network science, probability modeling, data mining, data engineering, data warehousing, data compression, data protection, and/or other scientific techniques to correlate complex, technical findings into graphical, written, visual and verbal narrative products on trends of existing intelligence data to leverage other IC data sources.

Develops and utilizes machine learning and data mining algorithm, including, but not limited to prediction algorithms based on open source capabilities.

Integrates or codes algorithms to support Government intelligence search and discovery missions.

Makes best practice recommendations on managing data within hardware, software, storage and bandwidth constraints.

Employs data science techniques to support predictive analysis, social media and crowed-source data analytics, ware gamin, and strategy development.

Employs exploratory analysis and rapid iteration techniques off large volumes of data to quickly derive intelligence. Prepares products to describe and document findings and activities.

Education and/or Work Experience Requirements:

Required:

Active TS/SCI w/ CI Poly

Programming experience: Python with pandas and matplotlib, R (programming language)

Data Science tools experience: Scikit-learn, Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK)

Preferred project experience:

Natural language processing (NLP)

Timeseries

Structured/semi-structured data

Big Data

Predictive analytics

Data encoding

Synthetic data

Supervised/unsupervised machine learning

Data analysis and statistical analysis vice spectral analysis

Data processing/data cleaning

Feature engineering

Data/algorithm test and evaluation

Data pipelines

SQL, non-SQL, or graph databases

Desired Experience:

Shiny

Big Data tools (Spark preferred)

Other visualization tools (e.g. Python Bokeh, Python Seaborn, JS D3, JS Kibana, Tableau

AWS Architecting

Linux command line

Scalable natural language processing (Stanford NLP, etc…)

Scalable data search (Elastic, Soir)

Functional programming (Scala preferred)

Other useful IT-related expertise (e.g. SMACK stack/Mesos/Docker, RESTful, API design, IT security or network accreditation

Physical Requirements:

Ability to safely and successfully perform the essential job functions consistent with the ADA, FMLA and other federal, state and local standards, including meeting qualitative and/or quantitative productivity standards.

Ability to maintain regular, punctual attendance consistent with the ADA, FMLA and other federal, state and local standards

Must be able to talk, listen and speak clearly on telephone

Expert-level command of the English language

Additional Information:

U.S Citizenship is required for this specific opportunity and all selected applicants will be subject to a government security investigation. This includes but not limited to; meeting the eligibility requirements for access to classified information and the ability to obtain a government-granted security clearance. Individuals may also be subject to a background investigation including, but not limited to; criminal history, employment verification, education verification, drug testing, and creditworthiness.

Favor TechConsulting is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or genetic information.
