Accelerate Your Career

Drive global technology

With more than $2 billion in revenues, CDK Global is a leading global provider of integrated information technology and digital marketing solutions to the automotive retail and adjacent industries. Focused on enabling end-to-end automotive commerce, CDK provides solutions to dealers in more than 100 countries around the world, serving approximately 28,000 retail locations and most automotive manufacturers. CDK Global solutions automate and integrate critical processes from pre-sale targeted advertising to the sale, financing, insurance, parts supply, repair and maintenance of vehicles, with an increasing focus on utilizing data analytics and predictive intelligence.

We’re large enough to make a difference but small enough for your voice to be heard. This means that we are an organization where every person matters. You can make an impact on the success of our business and that of our customers regardless of what career you decide to pursue.

From data scientists to sales and client service experts, we’re hiring to support your growth and ours - Green light your career.

We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve out customers' lifecycles with CDK. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights. In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions and accurately predict our customers' behaviors.

Graduate Degree in listed fields or equivalent experience

Ability to take business requirements and turn them into a research project. Plan and Execute the Research. Summarize the results for semi-technical audiences. Translate findings into business-relevant meaning and translate into impactful actions for the business.

Analyze large datasets using descriptive inferential statistics, clustering, and various predictive analytics (from basic exploration to complex data mining exercises).

Own and implement multiple statistical modeling projects from scoping through operationalization, using appropriate industry techniques and best practices whether state-of-the-art algorithms or basic methods

Ability to take very vague initial research questions/green field analysis problems and turn them into a concrete analysis project, by working directly with business stakeholders and guiding them through the problem definition stage for the project

Drive stakeholder consensus in diverse groups, and generate buy-in on direction. plus ability to communicate findings to non-technical audiences (presentations, white paper style summaries)

Train analysts on new research methods

Proactively contribute ideas in the research definition process

Understand emerging trends in data science, including new tools, languages and methodologies

3-5 years of experience with similar business/data as CDK

Ability to give presentations suitable for business leadership/executives, ability to mentor/teach/lead other data scientists on the team

Proactively seek out opportunities for professional development in technical and non-technical areas of expertise (for example, speak at/attend technical conferences, further improve programming skills)

Strong programming skills and strong machine learning/statistics skills

Contribute to the advancement of data science

CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few.

At CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status.
