Are you interested in improving the cyber and organizational risk profiles of leading companies? If your response is yes, consider joining Deloitte & Touche LLP’s growing Cyber Risk Data Privacy & Protection practice. Our data protection and privacy architects assist our clients with the design and implementation of holistic and targeted solutions needed to meet and exceed the requirements of best practice, ethical operations, and regulation.

Work you’ll do

Advise clients in in creating repeatable strategic solutions for the management of data privacy

Advise clients in global trends relating to data privacy requirements and work collaboratively with them to enhance capabilities

Contribute to Deloitte’s thought leadership in client organizations and external market place

Operate as a subject matter specialist on industry trends around data privacy and cyber risk practices

The team

Deloitte Advisory's Cyber Risk team helps complex organizations more confidently pursue their growth, innovation and performance agendas through proactive management of the associated cyber risks. Our professionals provide advisory and implementation services that integrate risk, regulatory, and technology skills to help clients transform their legacy programs into proactive Secure.Vigilant.Resilient.TM cyber risk programs. Join the team developing the future state of cyber risk solutions. Learn more about Deloitte Advisory’s Cyber Risk Services practice.

Qualifications

Required:

Experience performing surveys and inventories across regional and global distributed organizations; including application, database and policy inventories a plus.

Knowledge of U.S. privacy legislation such as HIPAA, CAN-SPAM, COPPA, FCRA, GLBA, stated privacy laws, state data breach laws and the capability to apply regulatory requirements within an operational context.

Knowledge of international privacy legislation including the EU, Asia, Australia, and Canada, and applying legislative requirements within an operational context.

Understanding of mechanisms to comply with cross-border transfer requirements, such as Safe Harbor, model contracts, binding corporate rules, and similar regulatory requirements.

5+ years of experience building privacy requirements frameworks / matrices and performing audits of networks, operating systems and applications for privacy a requirements.

Experience performing privacy and/or security gap assessments and producing executive management reports on current practices that expose an organization to privacy and/or security risks.

Experience with an organization's privacy and security due diligence efforts when entering into third party relationships or M&A activities a plus.

Knowledge of technologies used to collect, share, access and use personal data such as cookies, web beacons, P3P, JavaScript, CGI scripts, client side software, CRM, HRIS, data warehouse, and web analytic and decision support software.

Design new ways to apply statistics, probability, machine learning, graph theory, and/or time-series analysis to discover malicious indicators and behavioral anomalies in a large scale enterprise network environment;

Implement and test advanced analytical workflows in support of threat analysis and cyber hunt operations

Review analytic results and measure their effectiveness at answering analytical questions and ability to write efficient analytics that are performant / flexible to delivery results

Manage and review source code

BA/BS in information technology or related field or significant industry work experience

Ability to obtain & maintain the required security clearance

 Must be legally authorized to work in the United Stated without the need for employer sponsorship, now or anytime in the near future

Preferred:

Experience programming with Big Data technologies, especially Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, and / or ElasticSearch

Knowledge of high-performance computing and streaming algorithms

Experience in leveraging commercial cloud platforms to solve analytical problems

How you’ll grow

At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.

Benefits

At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.

Deloitte’s culture

Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.

Corporate citizenship

Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiter tips

We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.
