Data Scientist - Contractor

Summary: Under the direction and supervision of the Sports Medicine Data Analyst, act as liaison with NGBs, coaches, teams and athletes regarding data collection, management and analysis. Work with Sports Medicine Data Team to standardize and improve the way customer service is provided to the participants in the Elite Athlete Monitoring Program (EAMP). Support the United States Olympic and Paralympic Committee’s Sports Medicine Elite Athlete Monitoring Program.

* This opportunity is a contractor position* with Adecco working with the USOPC.

Duties & Responsibilities:

Data Management & Maintenance

Support Elite Athlete Health Program (EAHP) and Elite Athlete Monitoring Program (EAMP) data collection and aggregation systems.

Integrate multiple data sources including but not limited to Electronic Health Records, athlete survey data and third-party technologies.

Data Analytics

Monthly report generation consisting of appropriate inter- and intra-individual analytical approaches.

Special analytical projects as required, focusing on sports medicine-related data.

Utilize data analytical tools to assist in ongoing research projects.

Data Support

QA audit and compliance reports daily and respond to basic technical questions.

Consult with Data Analyst and Data Scientist on customer customization requests.

Assess and synthesize survey change requests in consultation with Data Analyst.

Customer Service - Policy and Procedures

Assist Data Analyst and Data Scientist with regular communications and outreach to teams to provide superb customer service to participants in EAMP.

Monthly report generation and regular cadence of communication with EAMP participating teams, coaches and coordinators.

Proactively develop and share success stories and opportunities with USOPC stakeholders and current/future EAMP teams.

Respond to NGB emails, communication and requests for assistance on interpreting data or troubleshooting surveys.

Other duties as assigned.

Minimum Qualifications Required:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Biostatistics, Health Informatics, Epidemiology or related field. Equivalent job experience or applicable college/university level classes may be combined for this requirement.

Experience:

Minimum of 3-6 months experience in sports and/or clinical statistical analysis; applicable college/university level classes or internships may be combined for this requirement

Skills: ·

Ability to handle confidential information and communicate only to intended audience

Training in data management software preferred

Proficient computer skills in database management and analysis

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Must possess strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with a diverse population including, but not limited to, athletes, coaches, administrative staff, physicians, volunteers and other medical personnel

Ability to deal with non-routine matters and special projects with minimum and/or specific instructions

Passion for Team USA and the ideals of the Olympic movement

Tools, Equipment, & Conditions :

Tableau software

MS Office software

 R or Python coding

Standard office equipment

Motor vehicles/motorized carts

Office environment, multi-building complex

Nontraditional work hours including evenings and weekends

Ability to travel both domestic and internationally

Telecommunications equipment, fax machine and copier

Health care facility

 Work Location: Colorado Springs Olympic Training Center
