The Principal Data Scientist will be responsible for the design, planning and execution of major data science and analytics initiatives which span the enterprise and drive measurable business outcomes.  
 Their focus will on development, validation and business adoption of statistical and machine learning models to identify trends within structured, semi-structured and time-series data; all heavily leveraging our existing big data infrastructure, making use of leading edge analytical approaches.​  
  Qualifications:    
 Exceptional analytical, mathematical and problem solving skills  
 10-15 years of progressive experience building statistical and machine learning models  
 Demonstrated experience working within a Big Data environment (Hadoop, Hive, SQL)  
 Experience developing ML classification, regression models using Python and/or Scala  
 Experience working with structured, semi-structured and time-series data to build models.  
 Knowledge of R and Tableau are also preferred.  
 Ability to translate complex mathematical results and findings for executive audience  
 Ability to work in a highly collaborative manner with a reasonable degree of independence  
 Ability to effectively manage time to handle competing high priority projects   
 &nbsp;  
  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:    
 Define how analytics solution will be constructed: which existing will be integrated, how they will be integrated and what gaps in capability need to be filled.  
  proven track record in the areas of artificial intelligence,&nbsp; machine learning,nlp. Should have good experience building solutions in the area of data-science for large enterprises. Should be well versed with python statistical modeling,data analytics   .  
 Serves as design authority at a project level by understanding the business goals and technology constraints and designing appropriate solutions that create measurable impact to business.  
 Extract, merge, clean and normalize large-scale data from disparate sources in preparation for exploratory data analysis, model building and validation - within a big data environment.  
 Develop, validate ML classification, regression models using Python or similar in order to directly answer business needs, and to positively impact business operations.  
 Prepare appropriate data visualizations and presentations to highlight findings and recommendations for both a technical and executive audience.  
 Promote a unified approach leveraging existing data sets and efforts while also ensuring collaboration throughout the organization to ensure adoption and common standard approach  
 Establish credibility as a trusted advisor to key stakeholders across the enterprise in order to drive business actions and outcomes based on results of your analysis.  
 Apply good business and financial acumen to create and assess business cases.  
 Implement appropriate mechanisms to track, measure the business impact of your work.  
 Travel estimated 10% but some situations may require more travel.  
 Evening and weekends as needed based on project deliverables.   
 &nbsp;  
  Education &amp; Certification:   
 Advanced degree in Data Science, Machine Learning, and Computer Science highly preferred.  
 &nbsp;   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Iselin, NJ 08830 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software
