Introduction

As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.

Your Role and Responsibilities

You will be a member of the Data Science and Optimization team in IBM’s Global Markets organization. We are an innovation lab that accelerates growth and efficiencies for IBM in the cognitive era. We also support sales operations and strategy. Our mission is to improve business outcomes for Global Markets by enabling better decisions and better experiences across the organization and for our clients with actionable data, forward-looking insights, and prescriptive evidence-based recommendations. You will develop analytical capabilities that help the organization measure actions/outcomes and learn from its experiences, to become smarter and listen-to, connect-with, and serve its customers better. You will expand standardization and automation to drive efficiencies. You will embed analytical capabilities into our processes and into our platforms to realize value at scale, with end-to-end responsibility for execution from data acquisition, to analysis, and the delivery of insights and recommendations. You will provide data and consulting advice on one-off strategic issues amenable to mathematical modeling and analysis.

Key responsibilities:

Work with Global Markets leaders, Digital Sales, Marketing, the Chief Analytics Office, and others to develop a portfolio of projects that will drive incremental value for Global Markets.

Manage your portfolio of projects and relationships with key stakeholders.

Develop data and analysis requirements, collect data, prepare data for analysis, conduct analysis, quality-assure findings, interpret findings in their business context, assess business implications, develop recommendations, promote their adoption, guide execution/transformation, manage change, and assess business impact. Develop tools for facilitating access to data and insights and to automate analysis tasks.

Employ appropriate types of analysis techniques, including statistical analysis, machine learning, natural language processing, and mathematical optimization, to describe behaviors, extract signals, explain relationships, make predictions, measure performance, control outcomes, and optimize actions.

Harness domain knowledge of sales and marketing techniques along with IBM’s suite of products and services to maximize impact on strategic objectives.

Deliver new actionable insights for “smarter selling” based on solid evidence in data, along with clear articulation of the benefits and the implementation strategy.

Engage with IT leadership to drive data availability and to embed analytics into systems and processes.

Additional Information:

Successful applicants will be invited to submit non-confidential samples of work products (e.g., presentation slides, github repositories, blog postings, technical reports, analysis scripts) and give an oral presentation.

References required.

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

M.S. or Ph.D. degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Statistics, Operations Research, Computer Science.

At least 4 years of experience extracting, integrating, transforming, analyzing, and modeling real-world structured and unstructured data, programming tools such as R, Python, Spark MLlib, SPSS, SAS, and SQL.

At least 4 years of experience in devising mathematical methodologies for drawing inductive inferences from data, such as developing and evaluating regression and classification models, hypothesis testing, design of experiments, and pattern discovery.

Readiness to travel 5% annually.

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

At least 1 year of experience as an analytics consultant in a client-facing business setting, delivering insights and recommendations to improve business results, preferably supporting marketing or sales in a B2B context.

Experience with development on R Shiny, Bluemix, web crawling and scraping, natural language processing, Watson APIs, Docker containers, Kubernetes, microservices, Spark, Scala.

Experience in mathematical optimization, CPLEX.

Preferred work location in Armonk, New York, RTP, Austin, or another strategic Global Markets location.

About Business Unit

Digital Sales is a specialized sales organization with a purpose-built infrastructure consisting of Global Digital Sales Centers in Atlanta GA, Chicago IL, Dallas TX, and Littleton MA. Digital Sales teams engage with clients of all sizes and markets to grow their businesses by solving strategic and tactical business problems with IBM's proven cognitive and cloud technology solutions.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
