17536BR

Principal Data Scientist

Watertown, MA

Job Summary

We are looking Principal Data Scientist who will serve as a technical leader for athenahealth’s data scientists focused on machine learning, predictive analytics and related projects. Athena is a data driven company who empowers our clients to be data-driven through reports, dashboards, and machine learning services. As a Data Science technical leader in athena.intelligence division, you will guide a team of data scientists, helping them identify the most impactful use cases, the most relevant models, best technologies for implementation, and clearest modes of communication for the application at hand. But enough about us; Let’s talk about you.

You are a data aficionado with a passion for machine learning and automation. You want to use the newest tech, but you want to do so in a large environment so you can see how that technology is used when scale matters. What’s most important to you is learning new things- and you’re seeking the best environment to enable that growth for yourself.

Behaviors and Abilities Required:

You’re eager to own and lead dynamic, important work; You seek out good challenges

You excel at building relationships and working with senior leadership

You are passionate about learning and disseminate new knowledge

You can effectively communicate complex technical information to non-technical audiences

You can maintain flexibility and strong work quality in fast-paced environments with strong industry and business demands

Education, Experience and Skills:

Advanced degree (PHD, MS) required in a relevant field such as computer science, data science, math, statistics and other related disciplines.

3-5+ years of professional experience in some or all aspects of designing, building, training, deploying and evaluating machine learning models in production software environments at scale

Expertise in leveraging advanced techniques in areas such as deep learning, NLP, classification, predictive modeling, etc.

Strong project management abilities, ideally using agile methodologies

Experience collaborating with cross functional teams

Demonstrated proficiency with python and/or other programming languages, e.g., Perl, C/C++, java, etc.

Proficiency with data analysis and modeling tools, e.g., python, Jupyter, R, RStudio, and libraries like tensorflow and pyTorch.

Proficiency with relational databases (e.g., SQL, postgres, etc.) and query optimization

Familiarity with Linux/Unix/Shell environments

AWS experience strongly preferred

Healthcare experience preferred, but not required
