JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at http://www.jpmorganchase.com/.

Our Firmwide Risk Function is focused on cultivating a stronger, unified culture that embraces a sense of personal accountability for developing the highest corporate standards in governance and controls across the firm. Business priorities are built around the need to strengthen and guard the firm from the many risks we face, financial rigor, risk discipline, fostering a transparent culture and doing the right thing in every situation. We are equally focused on nurturing talent, respecting the diverse experiences that our team of Risk professionals bring and embracing an inclusive environment.

Chase Consumer & Community Banking (CCB) serves consumers and small businesses with a broad range of financial services, including personal banking, small business banking and lending, mortgages, credit cards, payments, auto finance and investment advice. Consumer & Community Banking Risk Management partners with each CCB sub-line of business to identify, assess, prioritize and remediate risk. Types of risk that occur in consumer businesses include fraud, reputation, operational, credit, market and regulatory, among others

Card Risk Modeler - Associate

Design, develop, and validate statistical and machine learning models for credit card risk and loss forecasting to support the largest credit card business in the US.

Responsible for complex modeling projects, focusing on the exploration and implementation of advanced modeling techniques to help the business drive measurable growth.

Partner with business units and functional groups to provide insightful analytics with actionable paths forward.

Communicate business insights, opportunities, and strategies to senior leaders to promote evidence-based decision-making.

Ph.D. or Master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, Economics, or related quantitative fields.

One year hands-on work or research experience in designing and developing statistical and machine learning models, such as linear/logistic regression, gradient boosting, and random forest.

Skilled in programming languages (e.g. Python or R).

Experience with database systems (e.g., Hadoop, Teradata, or SQL) is a plus.

Strong analytical and problem solving skills.

Strong communication skills and a team-oriented attitude.
