Who is Georgia-Pacific?Watch to find out!

You know us already! We make Brawny® paper towels; Dixie® paper cups and plates; Angel Soft® bath tissue; enMotion® paper towel dispensers, DensGlass® gypsum board and Plytanium® plywood you see in your big box home improvement stores and much more! We employ about 35,000 people who want to make a positive difference in today’s world by creating real long-term value for our customers.

We have an opportunity on the Data Analytics team at Georgia-Pacific’s Collaboration & Support Center, located in Tech Square Labs in Midtown Atlanta. This position will join a team of Data Scientists who focus on providing support and solutions to our manufacturing operations. This group creates sustainable value and competitive advantage by leveraging data science, information, technology, and actionable insights while focusing on the possibilities of analytics.

A Day In The Life Typically Includes:

 Own all aspects of analytics projects from start to finish; pursuing innovative ideas, developing models, uncovering and communicating actionable insights, and implementing solutions to capture value.

 Work with various engineering teams; owning end-to-end solution development and scaling focused on operations challenges.

 Develop and maintain relationships with key business partners to enable improved decision making.

 Focus on building minimum viable products toward solving the majority of the issue instead of “perfecting” the solution, unless critical to safety.

What You Will Need:

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelors’ degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field.

At least Two years of experience with data analysis and statistical modeling.

Experience with Python and SAS.

Experience with machine learning techniques.

Experience extracting and transforming data using SQL.

What Will Put You Ahead?

Preferred Qualifications:

Master’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science or Engineering field.

Experience with docker, asset historians (e.g., PI or RDBMS), and remote connectivity

Experience with visualization tools (e.g., Tableau and PI Vision).

Experience with coding and statistical modeling skills in Python, R, or SAS.

Experience developing machine learning models.

Experience with big data and cloud solutions (e.g., Hadoop, AWS S3 and/or SAS).

Experience with manufacturing data analyses.

Want to learn more about Georgia-Pacific?

Salary and benefits commensurate with experience.

Equal Opportunity Employer.

Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.

This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf
