Data Scientist/Data Engineer

Location: Washington DC

Job ID: 1083

We are looking for professionals with a wide range of skills, from Junior to Team Leads. If any of the skills below describe you please apply so we can have a deeper conversation.

When it comes to data do you not only enjoy driving the car but want to look under the hood and understand how it works? Then we would like to talk with you! Datastrong has multiple openings for Data Engineers and Data Scientists who want to join a growing practice and work with the latest technologies to help solve federally operated challenges.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Expertise in analytics tools including R, Python, SAS, SPSS, or similar.

Experience in the analysis and interpretation of data including the understanding of mathematical and statistical concepts.

Proficiency in exploratory data analysis and interpreting data.

Experience with statistical modeling or basic machine learning algorithms.

Knowledge of SQL.

Proven background working with Hadoop or Hive.

Experience working with cloud technologies such as AWS, Kafka, Spark, Storm, or Hadoop

Education, Experience, & Certifications

Minimum of 3 years technical/data analytic experience

Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Systems, Economics or Business, or equivalent

Must be clearable for a Secret clearance – Active U.S. Citizen

Benefits

Great Culture focused on our customers and team members

Datastrong offers a compensation plan consisting of a competitive base salary and an uncapped bonus

100% Health coverage for employees with Vision and Dental options

Flexible spending account options

401k plan offerings

Paid holidays and vacation

Datastrong is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. If accommodation is needed in the application process, arrangements can be made with the local regional office.
