Job Description

Performs data analysis, interpretation, and management duties. Develops rules and methodologies for data collection and analysis

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business solutions.

Mine and analyze data from databases to drive optimization and improvement of the customer missions and business strategies.

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, efficiencies, process improvements, and other business outcomes.

Develop organizational A/B testing framework and test model quality.

Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

May provide guidance and work leadership to less-experienced data scientists

Maintains current knowledge of relevant data science applications as assigned

Participates in special projects as assigned.

Education

BA/BS

Qualifications

10+ years of experience

TS/SCI Clearance required

DoD 8570 compliant certification required

Required Experience:

Communicate complex technical material (powerpoint, word, etc.)

DevOps, including machine provisioning (a la vagrant, puppet, etc.)

Familiarity with the Linux command line (bash scripting)

Experience working with large, complex image datasets

Version control systems

Database design and use

Understanding of frameworks

Understanding of validation methods

DESIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development.

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Experience working with and creating data architectures.

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications

A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques

This role is not yet funded

For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
