Why Catalina

Catalina’s personalized digital media connects shoppers to the brands we know they want. We do this by delivering only the most relevant ads and offers from their home to the aisle. And only Catalina knows the evolving purchase history and individual needs of more than three-quarters of (280 million) American shoppers. With the world’s largest shopper purchase history database driving all personalized media across our networks, Catalina drives lift and loyalty for the world’s leading CPG brands and retailers. We target consumers with the right behavior-based message when it’s most impactful via the channel that’s most likely to reach them — digital or in the store.

Our Team

The Brand Analytics and Data Science Solutions team works cross-functionally to deliver meaningful solutions to clients’ needs by leveraging cutting-edge data science techniques such as data integration, data mining, and machine learning. We combine brand expertise and creativity with statistical analysis and automation to produce actionable, client-ready results. We are continuously learning new techniques to stay ahead of the curve and interact with many different stakeholders, including the client and our internal sales, analytics, technology, and operations teams.

This position reports to the Principal Data Scientist of Brand Analytics and Data Science Solutions.

Responsibilities

Works on medium to large or complex projects that require subject matter expertise across multiple functional areas, operations or processes.

Leads project planning sessions with clients, business analysts, and team members to gather and analyze user requirements. Develops business case analysis to support recommendations.

Formulates complex mathematical models in an appropriate programming language or application.

Analyzes raw input data from computer or other media.

Develops business case analysis to support recommendations.

Validates and tests models to ensure adequacy, or determines need for reformulation.

Facilitates the design, development, and planning of viable solutions to complex business problems according to user specifications.

Utilizes and stays current on applicable programming languages and software technologies.

Track progress and report out to stakeholders.

Provides direction, tools and process support to less senior associates.

Know what quality means, strive for quality, design for quality, test and refine until a very high quality is achieved, and continuously improve.

Deliver prototypes / proofs of concept.

Recommend plans to bring to production.

This is a skilled position with minimal supervision required (supervision by manager once a week or so).

Qualifications

Ph.D. in machine learning, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics, operations research, or related discipline AND 2+ years’ experience after graduate school in computation, data science, machine learning or related; OR

Masters degree in (same disciplines mentioned above) AND 4+ years’ experience; OR

Bachelor degree AND 6+ years’ experience

Excellent computing skills: python, spark, other programming (e.g., java, C++, perl), cloud distributed computing, machine learning framework(s) (e.g., sk-learn, keras, tensorflow), linux/shell, bitbucket, Target Process/JIRA or other issue-tracking

Strong communication and presentation skills

Ability to work well in a team environment

Experience in the CPG industry a plus

About Catalina

Catalina is a recognized leader in highly targeted, personalized digital media that drives, tracks and measures sales lift for leading CPG retailers and brands. Powered by the most extensive shopper database in the world, Catalina's mobile, online and in-store networks personalize the consumer's path to purchase, delivering $7.9 billion in relevant consumer value each year. Catalina has no higher priority than ensuring the privacy and security of the data entrusted to us and maintaining the consumer trust paramount to the continued success of our business partners and Catalina. Based in St. Petersburg, FL, Catalina has operations in the United States, Europe and Japan. To learn more, please visit www.catalina.com or follow us on Twitter @Catalina.

The intent of this job description is to describe the major duties and responsibilities performed by incumbents of this job. Incumbents may be required to perform other job-related tasks other than those specifically included in this description.

All duties and responsibilities are essential job functions and requirements and are subjected to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities.

We are proud to be an EEO employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace.
