Job ID: 3186191 

Full/Part-Time: Full-time

Regular/Temporary: Regular 

Listed: 2019-07-10

Location: Jacksonville, United States of America

Job Title: Anti-Financial Crime (AFC) Anti-Money Laundering (AML) – Data Scientist

Corporate Title: Associate

Location: Jacksonville, FL

About Deutsche Bank

We are Germany’s leading bank with strong positions in Europe and significant presence in the Americas and Asia Pacific. We’re driving growth through our strong client franchise, investing heavily in digital technologies, prioritizing long-term success over short-term gains, and serving society with ambition and integrity. We serve our clients’ real economic needs in commercial and investment banking, retail banking and transaction banking, and provide ground-breaking products and services in asset and wealth management. That means a career packed with opportunities to grow and the chance to shape the future of our clients.

Anti-Financial Crime’s (AFC) Mission is:

To be a trusted and respected independent control function that aims to protect the Bank from financial crime risk

To establish a proactive framework to prevent, detect, investigate and report bank-wide financial crime risk events

Overview

Deutsche Bank is committed to the highest standards of control in the areas of Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Sanctions & Embargoes, Anti-Bribery and Corruption (ABC) and Anti-Fraud (collectively referred to as Anti-Financial Crime). All employees are required to adhere to these standards to protect Deutsche Bank and our reputation from those who may intend to use our products and services for illegal purposes including, but not necessarily limited to, money laundering, bribery, corruption, fraud and/or Terrorist Financing.

The purpose of the AML Financial Crime Intelligence & Analytics team is to ensure that the systems it is tasked with surveilling are at all times being used in accordance with the legal and regulatory Anti-Money Laundering framework within the Americas and to escalate issues of concern to AML Management in a timely manner. This includes the manual escalations from multiple areas such as the Business Intelligence Unit (BIU), Anti-Bribery & Corruption Team (ABC), Business Line AML, and any Unusual Activity Reports.

Role reports to the Threat Analytics Manager in New York as part of the wider Americas AML and Anti Financial Crime Team. As part of team, your main focus is analyzing risks and behaviors that maybe threats to Deutsche Bank. Proactively understanding how to optimize detection, protection, and mitigation against those threats.

Key Responsibilities:

Analyze behaviors for potential Anti-Money Laundering related activity

Perform threat analysis and develop threat models

Experience with big data analytics technologies

Knowledge in analytics tools, machine learning / AI languages and algorithms (e.g. R, Python, SQL)

Ability to develop and train models

Experience working with both structured and unstructured data sets

Ability to design and architecture of Robotics Process Automation solutions and framework

Work on special projects & assist the New York/Jacksonville Team as needed

Requirements:

Relevant work experience in the financial, compliance, legal and/or regulatory industry

Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience

Experience as a Data Scientist, Quantitative Analyst or with Statistics

Experience in Computer Science, database design, ETL processes and data mining a plus

Qualifications/Skills:

Must be able to work independently & in a team

Strong analytical skills with an investigative mindset

Programming Proficiency in SQL, R, Python

Excellent written & verbal communication skills

Strong interpersonal skills, professionalism and teamwork awareness

Detail-oriented with excellent organizational skills

Ability to communicate issues to Senior Management in an effective manner

The ability to work under pressure and within tight deadlines with no loss of accuracy

An understanding of the legal and compliance issues of complex banking organizations

Position Overview

Regulation, Compliance & Anti-Financial Crime

Regulation, Compliance and Anti-Financial Crime (AFC) protects the integrity and reputation of Deutsche Bank. It manages the Bank’s risks and help to avert unintentional rule breaches and conflicts of interest. At the same time, we also advise the bank on ethical conduct and governance issues and keep the bank up to date on regulatory and political challenges.

For candidates applying for positions in the US:

Deutsche Bank is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. Click these links to view the “ EEO is the Law ” poster and pay transparency statement.
