Job Title: Data Scientist Job Category: Cyber, IT

Department/Group: Cyber Security Clearance None to TS/SCI

Location: Maryland, Linthicum Heights Travel Required: No

Level/Salary Range: Competitive Position Type: F/T

Applications Accepted By:

E-MAIL: ALEX.WANG@MARKESMAN.COM OR DANIEL.MARKES@MARKESMAN.COM

Job Description

Data Scientist with strong development skills to join our team. The Data Scientist will establish

and implement end-to-end proof of concept for leading edge data mining and analytics systems.

They will be responsible for the creation of innovative methodologies for extracting key

parameters from big data coming from various sensors. The data scientist will utilize their

expertise in machine learning, statistical data analytics, and predictive analytics to help

implement analytics tied to cyber security and hunting methodologies and applications.

Security Clearance:

No current government security clearance is required, but must be able to obtain a

background investigation and polygraph for a higher level of security clearance in the

future. Must be U.S. Citizen.

Required Skills:

Candidates must have most of the following required skills:

B.S. degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields

Must have 2+ years of Data Scientist experience

Conduct data analysis and orchestration of a large volume of security data sources,

threat indicators, and customer logs.

Apply latest technologies in machine learning, data mining, and predictive analytics to

correlate the big datasets and events, and derive dynamic cybersecurity rules.

Generate highly accurate and near real-time security alerts based on the dynamic rules.

Architect and work closely with other team members to develop a scalable cloud-based

cybersecurity data analytics engine.

Applied Machine Learning experience (regression analysis, time series, probabilistic

models, supervised classification and unsupervised learning).

Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).

Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R.

Familiar with scalable distributed data processing, management, and visualization tools

(e.g. Hadoop, ELK, Kafka, Accumulo, graph databases, etc.).

Familiar with data mining and analytics methods (e.g., clustering, sequences, networks,

time series, deep learning, statistical analytics, etc.).

Knowledge of cyber security operations, cyber security data types, cyber security

threats, network protocols (SOC tools and methodologies).

Desired Skills:

2

Skills with all of the following are highly desired: SQL, R, TensorFlow, Python and strong

Cyber experience.

Previous training/ instructor experience is a huge plus
