Graduate degree (MS or PhD) in Mathematics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Sciences with specialization in one or more Data Science areas

3+ years of experience working in data science, statistical learning, deep learning, natural language understanding, or related disciplines.

Proficiency in at least one modern scripting language, such as Python.

Understanding of foundational statistics concepts and algorithms such as linear/logistic regression, random forest, boosting, neural networks, decision trees, LVQ, SVM, etc.

Understanding of Computer Science fundamentals of data structures, object-oriented design, algorithm design, and complexity analysis.

We are entering a new era where human machine interactions will have an unprecedented level of intelligence and automaticity with profound impacts on our daily lives and how businesses are conducted. Alexa holds the promise to address the last-10-ft challenge and enable novel applications across versatile domains. We are building a new Alexa team to raise the bar.

We are seeking a Data Scientist to innovate across broad machine learning areas from new language models (for improved natural language understanding accuracy in complex environments) to personalized recommendation services based on real time data.

This role is a great fit for a leader who is passionate about innovations and seeks growth opportunities to make disruptive impacts.

Experience working with modern tools for big data storage and analysis (e.g., AWS, Apache Spark, Hadoop, SQL, NoSQL)

Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relations.

Understanding of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc.

Hands on experience in building deep learning models, especially RNNs (LSTM, BiLSTM etc.)

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age
