Job Summary:

Textron Systems, developer of Ship to Shore Connector (SSC) hovercraft and a proven partner for both military and commercial applications, is offering a full-time opportunity for a Data Scientist/Developer to provide support for the design, integration, and maintenance of craft control systems in a fast-paced environment. These craft are comprised of many cutting-edge technological advancements which will support the warfighter in various theaters as well as provide civil support in many applications.

The Data Scientist/Developer is adept at using large data sets to assess craft performance and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. He/she must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, building and implementing models, database development, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations. The right candidate must have sufficient understanding of the mechanical, electrical, and control systems to effectively interpret flight data sets and provide meaningful analysis. He/she must have a proven ability to drive results with data-based insights. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve system outcomes.

Responsibilities:

Identify and implement tools needed to accomplish program goals.

Develop a database of all existing flight data with automated means of populating with future data

Create, test and release post-run analysis package for visualization of recorded flight data for performance analysis and trending

Create an automated baseline report package for expedited review

Comparative analysis of data sets looking for expected and unexpected effects and their root causes

Analyze specific data or events in quick turn-around environment

Establish structures, algorithms and reports for failure prediction and scatterplot metrics.

On craft support of tarmac and in-flight operations to gain familiarity with craft systems and operations

Represent Textron in all aspects of customer interaction

Qualifications

Education:

BS in computer science, mathematics, statistics, one of the physical sciences

MS in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field preferred

Requirements:

2 plus years of related experience

Strong problem-solving skills

Experience using statistical computer languages (Java, Javascript and/or NET languages).

Experience with relational database systems (Oracle, SQL, Server, MySQL) including database design principles and data analysis.

Working knowledge of R, Python, VBScript and/or PERL to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets preferred.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.

Exposure to database structure and reporting tools.

Flexibility and willingness to assume unfamiliar challenges.

Ability to work as an individual contributor as well as a team player.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills including preparation of design documentation.

Excellent presentation and explanation skills.

Proficient with Microsoft Office products.

Active Secret Clearance preferred; Secret eligibility required.

Ability to interact effectively across all levels of the organization.

Must have demonstrated the ability to successfully initiate and carry to completion assignments of major responsibility and of the most complex and technical nature.

Ability to work independently, learn new tasks/handle multiple tasks, solve problems, meet deadlines, and show strong self-motivation and initiative.

Experience with military sites and systems is preferred.

Other duties as required by management.

Travel requirement is estimated to be 10% average

This position requires use of information which is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). All applicants must be U.S. persons within the meaning of ITAR. ITAR defines a U.S. person as a U.S. Citizen, U.S. Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card Holder'), Political Asylee, or Refugee.

EEO Statement

Textron is committed to providing Equal Opportunity in Employment, to all applicants and employees regardless of, race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, military status, veteran status, handicap, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law.

Pay Transparency Policy Statement

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise, have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements, including US Citizenship, for access to classified information.

Job Field: Engineering

Primary Location: US-Louisiana-New Orleans

Recruiting Company: Textron Systems

Schedule: Full-time

Job Level: Individual Contributor

Shift: First Shift

Job Posting: 07/09/2019, 7:35:41 PM

Textron (and its subsidiaries) participates in E-Verify. We will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employer’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.
