Duties

Summary

This is a bargaining unit position.

This is not a (drug) testing designated position (TDP).

This position is located in the Small Business Administration, Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Office of Financial Systems in Washington, DC. This Data Scientist will serve as an internal business and technical expert, providing data analysis, vision, problem anticipation and problem solving across business lines.

Responsibilities

Models complex agency problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities using statistical, algorithmic, data mining and data visualization techniques.

Analyzes user needs, defines database and application systems requirements, performs system application analysis and design, and trains programmers and end users in data mining/data warehousing/data visualization techniques.

Creates and oversees the application of a diverse set of models, tools, and risk and decision science techniques to develop and enhance program operation analytic capabilities.

Makes strategic recommendations on data collection, integration and retention requirements incorporating business requirements and knowledge of best practices.

Travel Required

Occasional travel - Occasional night and weekend travel may be required.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

14

Job family (Series)

1501 General Mathematics And Statistics

Requirements

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

You must be a US Citizen.

You must successfully complete a background investigation.

You may be required to serve on a one-year probationary period.

Qualifications

GS-14: One year of specialized experience, equivalent to the GS-13 grade level in the Federal Service, obtained in either the private or public sector: leading and performing data management activities in the context of a business intelligence and analytics framework such as data mining, metadata management, and data modeling. These qualifications must be clearly referenced in your resume.

AND

Education Requirement:

Degree: A full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor's or higher degree in mathematics, statistics, or actuarial science (e.g., mathematics, probability theory, statistics, finance, economics or computer science). You MUST submit transcripts (official or unofficial) with your application or you will be rated ineligible for consideration. If selected, official transcripts will be required. Transcripts must include the name of the college or university and date the degree was conferred.

OR

Combination of education and experience i.e. courses equivalent to a major field of study as previously described, plus additional education or appropriate specialized experience as previously described. For example, an applicant who has 12 semester hours toward the described bachelor's degree (i.e. 50% of education required) and 6 months of creditable specialized experience equivalent to the next lower grade level as described above (i.e. 50% of the required experience) would equate to 100% of the required experience for the position. Transcripts (official or unofficial) must be submitted in support of this response. If selected, official transcripts will be required.

Additional information on the qualification requirements is outlined in the OPM Qualifications Standards Handbook of General Schedule Positions. It is available for your review on OPM's Qualifications web site.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g. Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g. professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

All qualification requirements must be met by 11:59 pm (Eastern Time) on the closing date of this vacancy announcement.

Education

Education may not be substituted for experience for this position.

APPLICANTS PLEASE NOTE: Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications (particularly positions with a positive education requirement.) Therefore, applicants must report only attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Verify School accreditation . All education claimed by applicants will be verified by the appointing agency accordingly. *** If you are using foreign education to meet qualification requirements, you must send a Certificate of Foreign Equivalency with your transcript in order to receive credit for that education. *** For further information, click on: Foreign Education .

Additional information

SUITABILITY, CLEARANCE & REQUIREMENTS: A background investigation may be required for all new hires. Appointment will be subject to the applicant's successful completion of a background investigation and favorable adjudication. Failure to successfully meet these requirements will be grounds for termination.

CTAP/ICTAP APPLICANTS: If you are applying for a special selection priority under SBA's Career Transition Assistance Plan (open to surplus SBA employees only) or the Interagency Career Transition Assistance Program (open to surplus and displaced Federal employees), you must submit proof of eligibility. Information about CTAP and ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at: CTAP/ICTAP.Those new to the federal government will typically be hired at the lowest rate of the salary range for the grade selected.

Selective Service: If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, you must certify that you have registered with the Selective Service System, or are exempt from having to do so under the Selective Service Law. For additional information visit www.sss.gov .

Consistent with work requirements and current SBA Policy, and all applicable provisions of the collective bargaining agreement with AFGE the SBA offers employees opportunities to perform work at an alternative location (e.g. home).

Telework may be available. For information on Telework visit: http://www.telework.gov/

Additional vacancies may be filled from this vacancy announcement if additional vacancies occur within 180 days of the date the certificates were issued.

OTHER EVALUATIONS : The Small Business Administration is committed to building a high-performing, 21st century workforce that possesses the following core attributes: cultural astuteness, technological proficiency, articulate, strong writing capabilities, superior conflict resolution skills, and exceptional presentation skills. Candidates should be prepared as they may be further evaluated on these attributes throughout the application and selection process.

How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Applicants meeting basic eligibility requirements will be further evaluated based on the information provided in the Occupational Questionnaire. To preview this questionnaire, click on the following link: https://apply.usastaffing.gov/ViewQuestionnaire/10540259 . You will be rated based on your responses to the occupational questionnaire. The occupational questions relate to the following Competencies required to do the work of this position:

Data Management

Database Administration

Information Management

Requirements Analysis

Your application will be evaluated under the Category Rating method based on your responses to the assessment questions. You will receive a score based on the responses to the assessment questions. If, after reviewing your resume and or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience your score can and will be adjusted to more accurately reflect your abilities. If you meet basic requirements for the position, your application will be evaluated and placed into one of three categories:

1. Best-Qualified: highly proficient with an overall comprehensive level of knowledge, skills and abilities related to the job based on a complete review of experience, education, and training as described in an applicant's responses to the assessment questions and resume.

2. Well-Qualified: competent in the position with an overall accomplished level of knowledge, skills, and abilities related to the job based on a complete review of experience, training, and education as applicable, as described in an applicant's responses to the assessment questions and resume.

3. Qualified: an overall basic level of knowledge, skills, and abilities related to the job based on a complete review of experience, education, and training, as described in an applicant's responses to the assessment questions and resume.

Candidates eligible for veterans' preference will be placed ahead of other candidates in the appropriate category for which they have been rated. Additionally, preference eligibles who have a compensable service-connected disability of at least 10 percent and who meet Minimum Qualification Requirements will automatically be placed in the Best Qualified Category.

Background checks and security clearance

Security clearance

Not Required

Drug test required

No

Position sensitivity and risk

Moderate Risk (MR)

Trust determination process

Suitability/Fitness

Required Documents

Required Documents

1. Your Resume - must contain the following information :

Name, address, telephone number, email address;

Supervisor's contact information, if available (indicate if you would prefer to be notified before your supervisor is contacted);

Job Title (if Federal Service, provide series and grade; if not in GS plan, provide GS equivalent grade);

If qualifying based on related unpaid (e.g. volunteer service) experience, you must provide hours worked per week and beginning/ending dates (mm/dd/yyyy to mm/dd/yyyy);

If other than full time you must provide hours worked per week.

An integral part of our selection process includes the completion of reference checks. Please provide the names and telephone numbers of three professional references (e.g., current and/or former supervisors, college or university professors, managers or coordinators of volunteer activities, etc.) who know your qualifications relative to this position and who we can contact to verify your credentials. Do not list personal friends or relatives.

PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE WILL NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE . If your resume/application does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s). Your resume must contain sufficiently detailed information upon which to make a qualification determination. Please ensure that your resume contains specific information such as position titles, beginning and ending dates (mm/dd/yyyy - mm/dd/yyyy) of employment for each position, average number of hours worked per week, and if the position is/was in the Federal government, you should provide the position series and grade level.

Should you submit multiple resumes, only the latest uploaded resume will be reviewed .

2. A complete Occupational Questionnaire

3. In addition to the online application (resume and responses to the occupational questionnaire), you are required to submit the following forms, if applicable. It is the responsibility of the applicant to ensure all documents are legible.

If you are using education as a substitution for experience (the announcement will state whether this is allowed), or if there is an educational requirement for this position, you must submit a copy of your transcripts (unofficial or official) that clearly describes your qualifying education. If selected, official transcripts will be required;

If you are claiming Veteran status, you must submit a copy of all required documents to support your claim (to include member 4 copy of your DD-214 showing character of service)-see VetGuide ;

Veterans who are still in the service may be granted tentative preference on the basis of information contained in their applications, but they must produce a DD-214 (showing the character of service) or other proof of service to receive consideration for veterans' preference. For more information on Veterans' Preference, please visit FedsHireVets.gov .

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education .

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

Benefits

Benefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Review our benefits

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
