Principle Data Scientist-1903810

Description

The Principle Data Scientist is primarily responsible for leading and/or overseeing analytic projects to support key business strategies and initiatives, communicating conclusions and results to senior management. S/he will design, develop, deploy, and enhance predictive or behavioral models to address critical business issues, improve automation and overall efficiencies in direct and digital channels.

Develop and maintain targeting models to supports product acquisition and cross-sell campaigns

Building and optimizing model performance using machine learning techniques (e.g., Gradient Boosting, Random Forest, Natural Language Processing, Clustering, Collaborative Filtering)

Perform data mining and sophisticated analytics leveraging Python, R, SQL, and SAS

Support development of test and learn agenda, design and manage A/B tests

Advance data-driven decisioning in digital channel and improve targeting efficiency

Develop insights into customer segmentation and needs. Perform business analytics to support initiatives that enhance targeting performance, optimize customer touch points, and deepen customer share of wallet

Drive cross functional analytics projects from beginning to end: builds relationships with partner teams, frames and structures questions, collects and analyzes data, and summarizes key insights in support of decision making

Enhance internal data environment and marketing targeting process

Qualifications

Requirements:

Bachelor's Degree in Data Science,Statistics, Computer Science, Physical Sciences, Economics, or an equivalent quantitative field. Master's Degree or Ph.D. preferred;

5+ years’ work experience

Advanced knowledge and breadth of analytic methodologies in machine earning, classification models to deliver improved business performance

Agile in learning new tools and understanding new areas of data.

Data mining/advanced analytics applied to large-scale data-intensive projects. Experience working with cookie and log level data

Hands-on experience with Tableau, Google Analytics, DV360, etc

Exceptional quantitative, problem solving, organizational and process improvement skills.

Ability to conceptualize and execute analytical work based on broad business objectives and to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Job

:Data Science

Primary Location

:Massachusetts-BOSTON-75 State Street - 06366 - State Street-Corp

Organization

:CRO (8855)

Schedule

:Full-time

Job Posting

:Jul 8, 2019, 7:45:23 PM
