What We Offer:

Competitive pay & flexible work schedules

Full Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, STD, LTD, Adoption assistance, Tuition reimbursement, Life Insurance)

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Full work-out facility on the premises for use by our employees

Game room for use by employees during breaks (billiards, foosball, air hockey)

Free coffee and tea supplied daily, donuts and bagels each Friday, monthly planning lunch-and-learn

Access to AutoZone Corporate Perks, offering store discounts, mobile carrier plan, air travel, hotel, car rental and other discount programs, including new vehicle purchases discounts

Employee Incentives (i.e. professional sporting events tickets, movie tickets etc.)

Special recognition programs & annual employee fun / community events

Access to ALLDATA’s Online and Mobile products

Well-Being Program developed to promote whole-being wellness awareness, including but not limited to: Mental Health/Stress Management, Physical Health/Fitness, Conflict Resolution, Financial Management and Personal Development

Position Summary:

ALLDATA is a large contributor to the success of AutoZone. It is an exciting blend of commercial software products with strong market leadership around the globe. Within ALLDATA, the new Data Science and Insights organization contributes critically to business strategy, planning, and operations. Our advanced analytics and collective business acumen drive business results.

We are launching a large scale Big Data program whereby we are collecting a high volume of vehicle repair and part sale data to create a competitive advantage for AutoZone. To better leverage our data resources, we are looking for an Associate Data Scientist to contribute and support the development of predictive models in key products and services.

Position Responsibilities - Other duties may be assigned:

Assist in translating complex datasets into strategic insights for the business.

Work with team members to help identify new analytics trends

Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis.

Clean and organize raw data, generate descriptive statistics, analyze trends, and create visualizations and dashboards.

This position has no direct reports.

Position Requirements:

2 years of statistics or analytics experience

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, or information technology

Experience working with large datasets using tools like SQL, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc.

Ability to implement data transformation and to deploy predictive models in at least one of the common programming languages (e.g. Python, Java/Scala, C/C++/C#)

Experience in statistical packages and ML libraries (e.g. R, SAS, Spark MLlib)

Experience with Natural Language Processing is a strong plus

Experience with Microsoft Azure is a strong plus.

Familiarity with leading visualization tools (e.g. Power BI, Tableau)

Effective communication and presentation skills

Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions, there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
