Job Description

What do you do?

We’re looking for a Principal Data Scientist capable of using deep learning, ML and other techniques to design, evangelize, and implement state-of-the-art solutions. You'll design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways of optimizing risk, profitability, and customer experience. You get the gist – enjoy the experience of working on high impact, Silicon Valley style projects, while living in Dallas. You also get the learn about how big data is revolutionizing the world of consumer financial services.

What do we need?

You to have an amazing personality and communication style.

That you are super-organized and are a problem solver.

That you take pride in everything that you do, and it shows.

And most importantly that you have unquestionable integrity.

Why work for us?

We invest in our employees, and offer extensive training, and development programs to set you up for future success.

If we sound like a fit, and you’re ready to start an exciting career with an organization that fosters employee growth, apply today!

Job Description

This position will be responsible for:

Use deep learning, machine learning and analytical techniques to create scalable solutions for business problems

Analyze and extract relevant information from large amounts of historical data to help automate and optimize key processes

Work closely with product engineering teams to drive model implementations and new algorithms

Qualifications

Education

BS and Masters degrees in computer science, or related technical, math, or scientific field; PhD degree preferred.

Experience

5+ years of professional experience in a business environment

3+ years of relevant experience in building large scale machine learning or deep learning models and/or systems

Hands on experience building models with deep learning frameworks like MXNet, Tensorflow, Caffe, Torch, Theano or similar.

1+ year of experience specifically with deep learning (e.g., CNN, RNN, LSTM)

Skills

Familiarity with Python and R

Strong working knowledge of deep learning, machine learning and statistics.

Strong communication and data presentation skills

The motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment.

Strong attention to detail

Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment

Ability to think creatively and solve problems

Additional Information

Benefits

Medical / Dental/ Vision benefits available after 30 days of employment

Company paid life insurance

Paid holidays

PTO/ 401K / Tuition Reimbursement

On-site wellness center

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
