Do you want to be A Data scientist at Autocar parts?

Can you be comfortable being uncomfortable? Can you do 2 or 3 jobs instead of only one? Are you fine with always speaking your mind? Can you lead, execute, and stay focused despite many distractions, and do the work yourself if needed?

At Autocar Parts, we are a national aftermarket parts distributor that fights for the customer’s needs. We know truck parts and put the customers’ needs first to help customers keep their trucks rolling.

It takes a special kind of person to be a part of this business in transformation. We are privately owned and expect our team members to act with an owner mindset: Relentless about creating value for the customer. Dogged about finding efficiencies and eliminating waste. Standing arm and arm with the rest of the team until the job is done—and ready to do it again the next day, with a smile.

It is not easy do things differently in this industry. But we do it—because we are passionate about improving the lives of the drivers that use our trucks.

What will you do? The Data Scientist will deliver high-quality data analyses, develop insightful business narratives, and support executive leadership in making informed data-driven business decisions. As a member of the Finance team, the Data Scientist will bring a unique perspective to the table and contribute to building a results-oriented, high-performance culture of accountability focused on people, products, and process. The successful Data Scientist tactfully challenges the status quo, enjoys complex challenges, utilize a “Big Thinking” approach, and relentlessly seeks creative solutions to help service the customer.

Other Job Responsibilities will include:

Collect, structure, and analyze broad range of both internal and external data relevant to the business such as economic, industry, product, customer, supplier, and competitor.

Explore and visualize data to understand the features that have relevance or are meaningful to the business.

Research and build machine learning applications including structured and unstructured data, regression, classification, dimensionality reduction, and clustering.

Design, implement, and validate data systems and solutions.

Provide data-driven recommendations and insights for cross-functional projects to executive leadership.

Reveal hidden business opportunities, quantify risks, and optimally deploy company resources to grow profitably.

 What does it take to successfully undertake this role?

A degree in a quantitative field, i.e. statistics, economics, mathematics, computer science, or other related field.

3-5 years of work experience in data analytics, business analytics, software engineering, or other related field.

Ability to develop algorithms and other predictive models to derive timely and actionable business insights from data.

Ability to explore data sets and identify the data transformation and data quality needs for targeted applications.

Curiosity, enthusiasm, positive attitude, a passion to build, and a willingness to seek and learn new concepts.

An iterative approach to developing data science solutions through continuous improvement.

Biased toward action, a great collaborator and master simplifier, constantly pushing towards holistic, yet concise business recommendations.

Customer focused mindset: you ask and tackle the most important analytical questions with the goal of adding value to the customer.

In-depth knowledge of search engine design and optimization.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Outstanding analytical skills.

Outstanding and proven project management skills; ability to manage multiple projects in a high-pressure, tight-deadline environment.

A degree in a quantitative field, i.e. statistics, economics, mathematics, computer science, or other related field.

3-5 years of work experience in data analytics, business analytics, software engineering, or other related field.

Ability to develop algorithms and other predictive models to derive timely and actionable business insights from data.

Where will you work? The Data Scientist will be based out of our headquarters in Rolling Meadows, IL.

What do we offer in benefits? We offer an attractive compensation and benefits package, to include base salary, and benefits such as medical/dental/vision, 401K plan, etc.
