Qualis Corporation is seeking multiple candidates for the Computer and Information Research Scientist / Scientist positions in support of the Naval Air Warfare Center in Orlando, FL. These positions are currently pending contract award.

Essential Functions:

Conduct research into fundamental computer and information science as theorists, designers, or inventors.

Develop solutions to problems in the field of computer hardware and software.

Conduct enterprise data mining and research in support of root cause and expository analysis.

Validates, manipulates and performs exploratory data analysis tasks on analytical data sets.

Analyzes new data sources for availability and quality, and integrates with internal sources to support research or analytics.

Creates predictive data models utilizing deep learning frameworks, machine learning, and statistical methods.

Education / Experience Requirements:

Senior Level:

Post-graduate with an advanced degree from an accredited institution in data analytics, computer science, computer engineering, or demonstrated equivalent performance.

Candidate must have approximately 7 or more years of practical experience in statistical modeling, machine learning, and deep learning supporting enterprise data mining and data visualization.

Demonstrated expertise in high-level programming languages such as C, C++, Microsoft .Net (C#, VB), and Java.

Understanding of Operating Systems including Microsoft Windows and various Linux distributions.

Demonstrated expertise in using Python with data analysis packages such as statsmodels, pandas, or sklearn.

Familiarity with database methods for creation, ingestion, and query within traditional and NoSQL databases.

Experience with parallel processing frameworks such as Hadoop and Spark.

Experience in the creation of online machine learning pipelines.

Experience in streaming data processes.

Demonstrated expertise in the ETL (Extraction, Transformation, and Loading) processes.

Expert knowledge of regression, classification, and anomaly detection machine learning algorithms.

Expert knowledge in at least one deep learning framework such as keras, MXNet, tensorflow, or torch.

Demonstrated ability to obtain, understand, and transform incomplete or unstructured data into a form suitable for modeling and analysis.

Ability to communicate with clarity and correct grammar and mechanics.

Journeyman Level:

Candidate must have approximately 3 or more years of practical experience in statistical modeling, machine learning, and deep learning supporting enterprise data mining and data visualization.

Demonstrated experience authoring software applications in high-level programming languages such as C, C++, Microsoft .Net (C#, VB), and Java.

Understanding of Operating Systems including Microsoft Windows and various Linux distributions.

Demonstrated experience using Python with at least one data analysis package such as statsmodels, pandas, or sklearn.

Familiarity with database methods for creation, ingestion, and query within traditional and NoSQL databases.

Experience with parallel processing frameworks such as Hadoop and Spark Familiarity with at least one deep learning framework such as keras, MXNet, tensorflow, or torch.

Ability to communicate with clarity and correct grammar and mechanics.

Other Essential Requirements:

Must currently possess an active Department of Defense (DoD) Secret Clearance

Certifications:

One or more of the following certifications is highly desired:

Technology Research & Development (661) Expert or Journeyman Proficiency Level.

Equal Opportunity Employer/M/F/Vet/Disabled and a Participant in E-Verify
