Job Description

BITS, a CACI Company, offers very rewarding and unique benefits, which equates to 50% of compensation on TOP of your base salary! The first part is a tax-qualified profit-sharing retirement plan, to which BITS annually contributes up to 25% of your base salary (not in excess of applicable IRS limits) to your retirement account. The second component consists of BITS' Individual Benefit Account (IBA), which is used for premiums, medical reimbursements, dependent care, education and Paid Time Off (PTO) policy. Both components of the BITS benefit package are paid for by BITS, in addition to your base salary and potential performance bonuses. We believe in a healthy home/work balance and both of our locations offer a wide variety of activities to balance with your work life. Learn more at http://www.caci.com/bit-systems/

We are seeking a Data Scientist/Researcher to work in our research and development lab in the Aurora, CO area. Become a member of a software development team supporting a large, multi-delivery, multi-year development contract supporting national and tactical requirements. Responsible for design analysis, problem solving/trouble shooting, determining and implementing solutions to a variety of challenging data science problems.

What You’ll Get to Do:

Work within a cross-disciplinary team to research new applications of Machine Learning and Deep Learning analytics.

Responsible for implementing experiments by leveraging open source and custom tools and techniques.

Use critical thinking to assess deficiencies in existing solutions or expert system-based applications and provide recommendations for improvement

You’ll Bring These Qualifications:

Clearance:

There is no clearance requirement to begin employment other than US Citizenship. As a requirement of continued employment you will be required to obtain TS/SCI clearance.

Education:

Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or related Engineering discipline

Experience:

a minimum of 10 years of related experience, or a M.S. degree and 4 years of experience, or a PhD with a minimum of 3 years of academic or industry experience.

Required Skills:

In depth knowledge and practical experience using a variety of machine learning techniques, for example: linear regression, logistic regression, neural networks, support vector machines, anomaly detection, natural language processing, clustering and classification algorithms.

Experience with Python and modern deep learning frameworks, such as Keras, TensorFlow, pyTorch, caffe, numpy, spicy

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Self-starter that can work with minimum supervision and has good team interaction skills

These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:

Basic understanding and practical experience with digital signal processing techniques

Experience working within research and development (R&D) environments

Experience working within Agile development teams leveraging DevOps methodology

Experience working within cross-functional teams following a SCRUM/Sprint-based project execution

Experience delivering software systems for DoD customers

What we can offer you:

We’ve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington & Denver Post

Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.

We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.

We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nation’s highest priorities.

For over 55 years, the principles of CACI’s unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

DACOHP

BNUJOBS!

Job Location

US-Aurora-CO-DENVER

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
