Currently seeking a Data ScientistLong term contract, contract to hire opportunities As a lead economist in Realty, you'll be working with other data scientists to identify causal patterns in wealth of data, informing huge capital decisions with impact across the organization. How do customers choose between ecommerce and brick & mortar? Where should new access points, like standalone pick-up, be located? Are these questions even answerable? We're looking for candidates that have ground-floor experience drawing econometric insights from individual or aggregate customer data. You'll deliver the insights you and the team generate and be directly involved in business strategy decisions related to network of assets across the US. You will make an impression if: • You enjoy and are advanced in statistical analytical approaches (e.g. regression, clustering, predictive analysis) • You have an affinity for coding (e.g. R, Python, Arc GIS, Alteryx, Java) • You’ve worked with large-scale database systems (e.g. Hive, Teradata, DB2) • You’ve used large-scale customer- or retail-relevant data to find insights (e.g. Nielsen, Census, NCR, Experian) • You enjoy visualizing data in new and exciting ways using Tableau, Excel, PowerBI or other data visualization tools • You have an advanced degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Geographic Information Systems, Information Technology, Engineering or related STEM field • You are an innately curious, critical thinker who sees both the big picture and the details You will make an impact by: • Leading, influencing and delivering clear and concise messages to business partners • Executing well thought out project plans and strategies • Designing the most cost-effective sequence of investments to an asset that will drive sales and ensure future financial health • Incorporating cutting edge technology that simplifies processes and improves financial health of an asset Preferred Qualifications A PhD in Economics, Econometrics, Business, or related field, and 1+ years of experience applying econometric methods in retail. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor of Science and 6 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 4 years' data science experience OR PhD.
