Data Scientist-PRO01367

Description

Data Scientist

This position is to further the AI and ML efforts on the Memories product in San Mateo. Do you take 1,000+ pictures each year but only view more than a handful? Have you ever been about to capture a precious moment with your phone camera and get the dreaded message “Cannot take photo, not enough available storage”? Or maybe you’ve noticed that many of the portraits and selfies you capture have a washed-out background with little to no detail?

Memories photography service is here to help. Powered by state-of-the-art Computer Vision and AI solutions, our tech helps:

 Identifying the best photos

 Enhancing the most valued ones

 Providing personalized photography education through hands-on learning and rich content videos

 and of course, with free unlimited cloud storage

Today, Asurion serves 300M+ customers and offers personalized assistance and technical support for connected devices (phones, tablets, IoT/smart home, etc.) on behalf of the largest mobile and retail brands. We believe this is just the beginning. By developing new technology, processes, and capabilities we can extend our award-winning service levels (NPS, CSAT, and resolution rates) to a much broader set of clients and end customers. We now help our customers making the most of their pictures and develop unrivaled and highly engaging user experiences.

Responsibilities/Duties:

 Define product improvement opportunities, provide solutions and formulate data science problems

 Understand consumer needs and defines a strategy for delivering a magical experience

 Research, design, implement, and deploy scalable computer vision, deep learning, and machine learning solutions from prototype to production

 Design and implement state-of-the-art computer vision algorithms for experience personalization, object detection, classification and segmentation

 Leverage deep understanding of modern machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinning to regularly invent new and novel approaches to solve problems

 Provide solution strategy and make best practice recommendations

 Use analytic techniques like advanced data visualizations, machine learning and large-scale optimization to improve customers’ adoption and retention.

 Identify and answer important product questions that help improve business outcomes

 Work with cross-functional partners to design and execute controlled experiments to quantify the effects of product changes. Analyze and interpret the results.

 Manipulate and analyze complex, high-volume, high dimensionality data from multiple sources

 Communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner to business partners and senior management

Experience & Qualifications

 Requires a master’s degree in analytics, computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, or related advanced analytical & optimization fields.

 Alternatively, a bachelor’s degree in analytics, computer science, electrical engineering, computer engineering, or related advanced analytical & optimization fields, plus 5 years of prior work experience.

 Ability to quickly prototype ideas and solve complex problems by adapting creative approaches.

 Strong computer vision, machine learning, and video-processing, with hands-on experience in building prototypes

 Experience (via work experience or coursework) in exploratory and applied algorithm research: driving solutions from vaguely specified problem descriptions through iterative exploration and prototyping to robust implementations

 Deep understanding of modern computer vision and machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinning

 You are a strong collaborator and communicator and you make engineers and product leads around you learn.

 Knowledge & proficiency with Tensorflow, Keras, or other deep learning frameworks.

 Knowledge of one or more of the advanced analysis tools - SQL, Python, R, Matlab, JMP, SAS gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience.

 Knowledge in one or more of the following languages: Python, Scala, Java, R gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience.

 Solid foundation in theoretical Mathematics and Physics, gained through academic (University), internships, or work experience.

 Knowledge in Regression and/or Machine Learning gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience. Experience in Neural Networks and Natural Language Processing is a plus.

 Knowledge in Statistics, optimization theoretical concepts and/or optimization problem formulation gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience

 Knowledge in code design, Object Oriented Programming concepts and/or execution in Hadoop and/or Spark environment gained through academic coursework or any amount of internship/work experience.

#LI-JW1

Job:Product Development

Primary LocationUS-CA-San Mateo - Fashion Island

Organization Product Development

Schedule Full-time

Job Posting

Unposting Date
