Experis is looking for a Data Scientist/AI Engineer for a long-term contract opportunity in the Austin, TX area. Please review the job description below and apply below for consideration.Purpose: The AI/DL Software Developer will lead the implementation efforts for our client to create industry-leading, turnkey AI systems and solutions for the rapidly growing intelligent data analytics needs of the industry. Responsibilities: The AI/DL Software Developer will help design and implement AI/DL systems for a wide variety of use cases and applications. Responsibility for this position includes leading the design and architecture of high-quality, complex systems software. AI/DL Software Developers will prepare, reviews and analyze software specifications for AI systems, lead the review and analysis of design, functional, technical and user documentation. This position is also expected to lead the development, test and integration of code for new or existing software and Dell EMC hardware involving multiple teams Testing responsibilities involves functional testing of the software as well as performance characterization to understand how the end-to-end system, including hardware, software and applications performs. Ideal candidate will also track the recent developments in the AI community as well as AI systems architectures, hardware technologies and emerging applications areas This position will work with other AI, Big Data and HPC architects, engineers, developers, product managers, and sales staff to ensure that new AI solutions are best-in-class matched to customer needs, cost-effective, supportable, and have potential for significant impact and revenue. Requirements - BSc + 4yrs experience (or Masters and 2+ years of exp) as a software engineer or in an applied machine learning role - Excellent C/C++ and Python programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design. - Experience in software development involving modern DevOps technology and methodologies - Excellent communication skills and a proven ability to multitask and deliver on development tasks - Deep understanding of fundamental technical concepts in AI and DL Desired Skills and Qualifications - Prior experience with machine learning algorithms and frameworks. Especially experience with frameworks such as Caffe, MXNet, neon, nirvana cloud and TensorFlow and strong experience in at least one. - Distributed systems, parallel programming and HPC systems experience( Hardware/Software/Network) - Experience developing complex software systems scaling to thousands of users with production quality deployment, monitoring and reliability - Experience presenting at industry recognized ML conferences as well as being published in the fieldExperis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
