Job Opportunity: Our team is seeking a talented Top Secret cleared Data Scientist to work in Chantilly, VA location.

The work you perform will protect a law enforcement agency from internal and external threats.

What You'll Get to Do as a Data Scientist:

Apply complex analysis of data in support of mission problems, with expertise in problem solving, scripting in multiple languages, as well as the creation and/or implementation of tools and processes that aid in advanced analytics, testing and quality assurance, and DevOps

Use and develop statistical analysis, modeling, simulation, and machine learning methods. Comfort with complex mathematical concepts and models

Scripting, data collection and data management services; perform enterprise-wide data collection, storage, and manipulation; and, develop and implement automated testing frameworks

You'll Bring These Qualifications:

Active Top Secret clearance with SCI Eligibility

BS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline from an accredited college or university and ten (10) to fourteen (14) years of progressive experience, or an MS degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline, and eight (8) to twelve (12) years of progressive experience, or a Ph.D. degree in a related scientific or engineering discipline and four (4) to seven (7) years of progressive experience.

Experience with the following tools/languages: Python, R, Pig/Piglet, SQL, PostgreSQL, NoSQL, MSSQL

Experience with IC GovCLoud, AWS cloud development and solutions architecture

Experience with Agile Methodology/Scrum Development and DevOps

Familiar with Jira and Confluence

Experience working with multiple stakeholders, gathering requirements, analysis and integration resulting in informed deconning making, explaining highly technical concepts to a non-technical audience

These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:

STATA, Mathematica, C++, bash, JMP, ROOT, Latex, MATLAB, Java, Javascript, XML, C++, MapReduce.

AWS Solutions Architect certification

Certified ScrumMaster

Master's Degree/PHD

About OneGlobe:

OneGlobe LLC was founded in 2005 to provide quality Information Technology solutions that exceed expectations. We focus on IT System Modernization using agile software development practices and DevSecOps to deliver intuitive and maintainable systems that we help our customers improve their processes and capabilities.

We provide full service IT solutions and have the skill to identify, plan and perform cost-saving steps throughout the system lifecycle to enhance system efficiency, while optimizing the value that we deliver to our customers. Our team has the drive and right mindset to feel ownership on the projects they work. They partner with our customers to give the extra effort sometimes required to deliver success.

We provide highly competitive benefits package to include: extensive medical/dental/vision, 7% of your annual salary toward 401(k), Paid Time Off (PTO), $5K annually toward ongoing education and training, and more. We also have monthly social and tech events!

See additional positions at: http://www.oneglobeit.com/#careers

OneGlobe is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are a drug free, EEO employer committed to a diverse workforce. We will consider all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity, family responsibilities, disability, political affiliation or veteran status. (85)
