Our Mission

At Palo Alto Networks® everything starts and ends with our mission:

Being the cybersecurity partner of choice, protecting our digital way of life.

We have the vision of a world where each day is safer and more secure than the one before. These aren’t easy goals to accomplish – but we’re not here for easy. We’re here for better. We are a company built on the foundation of challenging and disrupting the way things are done, and we’re looking for innovators who are as committed to shaping the future of cybersecurity as we are.

Your Career

The Palo Alto Networks Data Science team uses data science and machine learning to solve problems throughout the company. In the words of one of our members: “we develop machine learning-based highly scalable solutions to address cybersecurity challenges.” We are looking for a talented and motivated data scientist that can help us protect our customers using the vast amounts of data we have available.

The Sr. Data Scientist will be creating machine learning models that can detect anomalous behavior in the cloud.

Your Impact

Build machine learning solutions that can distinguish between malware and benign files with a high degree of accuracy

Create novel features that can identify malicious files

Work closely with a team of Software Engineers to design and deploy production machine learning systems

Take Initiative; find new ways of applying data science to security problems

Your Experience

At least 2 years of industry experience in security or machine learning, ideally both

Strong working knowledge of machine learning algorithms including Regression, Classification, and Clustering algorithms

Strong problem-solving abilities

Deep Learning experience a plus

Experience in Data Mining and Information Retrieval in HDFS

Excellent communication (written and verbal) and presentation skills

The Team

Our engineering team is at the core of our products – connected directly to the mission of preventing cyberattacks. We are constantly innovating – challenging the way we, and the industry, think about cybersecurity. Our engineers don’t shy away from building products to solve problems no one has pursued before.

We define the industry, instead of waiting for directions. We need individuals who feel comfortable in ambiguity, excited by the prospect of a challenge, and empowered by the unknown risks facing our everyday lives that are only enabled by a secure digital environment.

Our Commitment

We’re trailblazers that dream big, take risks, and challenge cybersecurity’s status quo. It’s simple: we can’t accomplish our mission without diverse teams innovating, together.

We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for all qualified individuals with a disability. If you require assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need, please contact us at accommodations@paloaltonetworks.com.

Palo Alto Networks is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or other legally protected characteristics.
