The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by advances in processing power, machine learning, and artificial intelligence? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve the military operations community. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to develop machine learning capabilities that make sense of complex, heterogeneous data. You’ll mentor teammates, develop algorithms, write code, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help military leaders make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and capabilities to more effectively use it. Join us as we use data science for good in operations.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.

You Have:

3+ years of experience as a data scientist

Experience with building statistical models or developing machine learning algorithms

Experience with programming languages, including Python, Java, or Scala

Experience with one or more Big Data technologies, including Accumulo, Kafka, MapReduce, or Spark

Experience with manipulating data and ETL in parallel processing and distributed compute environments

TS/SCI clearance

BA or BS degree

Nice If You Have:

2+ years of experience as a developer in Python, Java, or similar high-level languages using object-oriented techniques

2+ years of experience with designing novel data analytic methods and workflows, including full data pipelines from raw data through analysis and training

2+ years of experience with using neural networks to solve analytical problems

2+ years of experience in working with graph analytics and graph analytics databases, including Neo4j

2+ years of experience with building statistical models and developing machine learning algorithms at scale in production environments

Experience with natural language processing, including text preprocessing, tokenization, embeddings, and associated supervised and unsupervised models

Ability to learn new programming languages, frameworks, and algorithms

Ability to exhibit flexibility, initiative, and innovation when dealing with ambiguous and fast-paced situations

BA or BS degree in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, CS, or a related technical field preferred; MS or PhD degree in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, CS, or a related technical field a technical field a plus

Current DoD 8570 Compliance Certification, including Computing Environment and CompTIA Security+

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
