Overview

Topps is seeking a Data Scientist to work in an agile DataOps environment.

Your mission will be to empower our product decision-makers with information to make the best possible product for our fans.

Topps is one of the most enduring and respected brands in the United States. We are building a world-class digital group to deliver the highest quality mobile sports and entertainment apps to fans all over the world.

We are on a mission to dramatically lift the quality of our apps and modernize the Topps brand. We are looking for people with the passion, talent and focus to begin creating the highest-quality mobile apps around sports properties such as MLB, NFL & NHL, and entertainment brands such as Star Wars, Marvel and Disney.

Join our dynamic & entrepreneurial team and be a driving force as we transform one of the most storied entertainment brands into the world leader of digital collectibles.

Why you will love it here:

Work with the world’s top sports and entertainment properties

Work with a passionate, confident and humble team

Fun office atmosphere

Independence and lack of bureaucracy that clears the way for you to do your best work

Competitive compensation & benefits. We build great teams and take care of them

Responsibilities

Responsibilities include:

Modeling user behavior to better understand how users interact with our applications

Work closely with product owners and business customers to gather requirements

Interface with our data engineer to communicate data requirements and needs

Conducting A/B testing for mobile apps

Developing production quality machine learning solutions and design of probabilistic models

Take the lead in developing data products within our mobile applications, i.e. recommendation systems

Clearly communicate output of models to key product owners/ business customers

Recognize and adopt best practices in modeling including data cleaning, feature engineering, testing, maintainability, validation and documentation

Qualifications

Requirements include:

1-4 years of experience in a Data Science/Analytics role

Code proficiency on at least one of the following languages: Scala, Python, R

Familiarity with ubiquitous data science libraries i.e. pandas, sckitlearn, tidyverse, ggplot, matplotlib, keras, tensorflow, etc.

Interest in functional programming a plus

High interest on Big Data processing

High interest in probabilistic modeling and statistical methods

Interest in machine learning

Experience on AWS is a plus

Experience with Test Driven Development is a plus

Familiarity with Spark/Databricks is highly valued

Familiarity with Mongo/Postgres is a plus

Analytical/mathematical mindset

Good communication skills

Intellectual curiosity. Passion for learning and exploring

Team player

Education:

BS/BA in either Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or related field required

Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science or related field a plus
