The core data science team at Dick’s Sporting Goods is seeking a data scientist to support product teams within the technology organization. The team builds end-to-end machine learning solutions that drive business value in all parts of the organization. A few examples of projects that the team is currently working on are demand forecasting, search algorithm optimization, supply chain optimization, and visual search. We are looking for diverse teammates with strong technical skills who also have a passion for learning and deploying the latest machine learning algorithms. An ideal candidate will have a knowledge base in search algorithms, NLP, and/or forecasting.

The Role You'll Play:

Machine Learning Applications & Analyses

Apply machine learning and data mining techniques to extract actionable insights from large-scale, high-dimensional data.

Build end-to-end algorithmic solutions that focus on improving the customer’s experience both in-store and on our website.

Compile data from disparate data sources leveraging both qualitative and quantitative data to build holistic views of customer’s experience.

Communicate and present complex analyses and models to all levels of leadership across the organization.

Client Liaison

Work with a variety of business units throughout the organization to help translate their requirements into specific analytical deliverables.

Continue to improve and advance communications and collaborations amongst the various analytics teams and business units.

Training

 Lead or support formal and/or informal training for team members on the various tools used for team members within the analytics team or client teams.

Qualifications

Education

Master’s Degree Preferred In: Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or other quantitative fields

Additional experience will be considered in lieu of an advanced degree.

Experience/Technology

Statistics / Machine Learning with applications in R or Python.

Practical experience with SQL or a SQL-like language.

Creating visualizations and presentations for non-technical users.
