Your Talent. Our Vision. At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater value for our customers, and greater health for our communities. Join us and together we will drive the future of health care.

This is an exceptional opportunity to do innovative work that means more to you and those we serve at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company.

Data Scientist is responsible for the development and implementation of machine learning algorithms and techniques to solve business problems and optimize member experiences.

Primary duties may include are but not limited to:

Design machine learning projects to address specific business problems determined by consultation with business partners.

Work with data-sets of varying degrees of size and complexity including both structured and unstructured data.

Piping and processing massive data-streams in distributed computing environments such as Hadoop to facilitate analysis.

Implements batch and real-time model scoring to drive actions.

Develops proprietary machine learning algorithms to build customized solutions that go beyond standard industry tools and lead to innovative solutions.

Develop sophisticated visualization of analysis output for business users.

Publish results and address constraints/limitations with business partners.

Provides high-level controllership/evaluation of all output produced to ensure established targets are met.

Determines the continuous improvement opportunities of current predictive modeling algorithms.

Proactively collaborates with business partners to determine identified population segments and develop actionable plans to enable the identification of patterns related to quality, use, cost and other variables.

Requires MA/MS in Statistics, Computer Science,
Mathematics, Machine Learning, Econometrics, Physics, Biostatistics or related
Quantitative disciplines.3 years’ experience in predictive analytics and
advanced expertise with software such as Python, R, SAS, SAS Enterprise Miner
or equivalent, or any combination of education and experience which would
provide an equivalent background.PhD and experience in the healthcare sector
preferred.Past experience working on identifying health care fraud, waste, and
abuse is preferred.Experience in Deep Learning is preferred.Experience with hands on Python coding is
required
Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and is a 2018 DiversityInc magazine Top 50 Company for Diversity. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com. An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran.
