Kapsuun Group, LLC Company Job Title: Data Scientist - Senior Clearance: Secret Clearance Location: Telework - Alexandria, VA Reports To: Sr. Project Manager FLSA Status: Exempt, Full Time, Regular Summary: The Data Scientist - Senior analyze data from various legacy systems for integration into Navy Maritime Maintenance Enterprise Solution – Technical Refresh (NMMES-TR) contract. The Data Architect - Senior support the deployment and evaluations of new technical solutions, products, and/or standards in support of functions strategy and operations under limited supervision for the Navy Maritime Maintenance Enterprise Solution – Technical Refresh (NMMES-TR). Duties and Responsibilities: Work closely with functional leads, DBAs, and developers to: Identify and solve data issuesDesign solutionsDevelop conceptual modelsMap function requirements into technical requirementsSupport design and implement conversions and interfaces throughout the lifecycle of system development and sustainmentDevelop logical and physical model design, source-to-target mapping, use cases, and other development processes and artifacts.Identify data subject areas, entities, attributes, relationships, information types, and domains. Perform code reviews, data model reviews, and testing. Establish standards and best practices. Update and maintain metadata repositories and dictionaries.Work within a daily Agile/Scrum process for sprints across projects and operations.Responsible for promoting understanding of data quality concepts and methods. Identify, document and recommend solutions for poor quality data.Define, maintain and enforce data architecture, definitions and standards.Recommend optimum approach, advise on alternatives and the implications of new or revised data processing systems. Conduct reviews of other ETL processes to ensure consistent methodologies and accurate results and adherence to functional requirements.Work with Functional Leads, Team Leads, and ETL developers to communicate business and technical requirements clearly and effectively.Write and optimize in-application SQL and SQL statements as requiredOther duties as assigned Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) Bachelor’s degree required or 8 years of related experienceExperience with integration of legacy and interface dataExperience with data mapping and migration Experience with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Agile methodologies; and the test process associated with Agile development programsExperience with Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) data analysis/library products to support automated test tool developmentExperience with ETL development tools, cloud architectures, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Oracle, Java, and SQL.Secret Clearance required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Ability to travel Ability to design/re-design, document, administer, and fine tune database environments.Ability to create and maintain data standards, lineage and attribute mapping from data sources.Skilled in the integration of Commercial Off-the-Shelf (COTS) products and legacy DOD systems as part of an integrated information system to include the organization and execution of large-scale test and evaluation events.Must be very proficient in Microsoft Excel.Ability to determine database structural requirements by analyzing functional requirements, client business operations information, and evaluating existing systems or applications.Must be well organized.Must be an effective communicator at multiple levels with the ability to grasp system concepts and communicate their applications.Must be capable of quickly learning new systems and associated software applications for proficient execution of tasks.Must be capable of managing multiple projects with time related constraints in a fast-paced contract manufacturing environment.Must be able to speak effectively before groups of internal and/or external customers or employees. Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.) While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.) The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise. Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE. Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled Native preference under PL 93-638. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program.
