View more Careers at EPSILON Follow us on: LinkedIn | Twitter | google+ Data Scientist – Solutions Architect Security Clearance required: Must Be US Citizen with either a Public Trust or Secret clearance; will go through EOD (Entrance on Duty) Clearance process if hiredUS Citizenship RequiredLocation: Washington, DC - Must be able to work on site in DC.URL: www.epsilon-inc.com/careers Essential Skills, Experience, and Certifications: US Citizenship is a requirement of this position in accordance with 8 U.S.C. § 1324b(a)(2)(C) Contiguously resided in the U.S. for three of the past five years Should have experience leading teams in a data DevOps environment 15+ years of relevant experience in the following: Data analytics field, building analytic models and methods, and the skillset to be able to provide end-to-end technical solution Assessing business objectives, conducting gap analysis of existing versus needed capability, and identifying business requirements. Deploying multiple times a day with zero downtime to the cloud such as Amazon Web Services Developing technical solutions to meet business needs and supporting analysis of alternatives for best fit. Development with containerized Microservices on OpenShift Container Platform Evaluating business requirements to identify potential software, hardware, and system architectures to meet business objectives. Evaluating technical trends and providing recommendations for technology and architecture to meet business objectives. Performing research on emerging technologies to support proof-of-concept (POC) capabilities and identify future solutions. Additional experience with the following: (Not all required) Agile methodologies API Gateway configuration Applying analytics-driven approach, including machine learning and deep learning, to surface unusual patterns or behaviors during case processing Collaborating with other vendors, stakeholders, and government employees to collect data needed to aid decision-making Conducting exploratory statistical analysis and data analysis to measure efficiency and effectiveness of new functionality Creating and enhancing interactive dashboards utilizing Business Intelligence and open-source data visualization tools Data science lifecycle and techniques Defining sensible metrics to build descriptive, predictive and prescriptive models Developing and sustaining Program Dashboard Estimation and planning Extracting, transforming and loading structured and unstructured data into a Unified Analytics Platform Maintaining good configuration and data management methods Managing a Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) process Manipulating data from disparate data sources Performing analytics in Unified Analytics Platform Platform agnostic software Statistical modeling and/or data visualization Strong technical documentation and presentation skills Validating and justifying operational accuracy of the data Wide adoption framework based on an open source platformExperience with the following: (Not all required) Active MQ 15.4.5 AngularJS 1.2 Apigee 14.17.05 Databricks 4.0 Hibernate 4 Hygieia 2.0.5 Jira 7.3.6 Kong 0.10.3 Linux Liquibase 3.0.5 Machine Learning Matomo 0.3.53 Nexus 3.3.0-01 Obsidian 4.3.0 Openshift 3.4.1.18 Oracle Database 11.2.0.4.v15 PostgreSQL 9.6.6 Python R SAS Scala Slack Tableau 2018.3Physical Demands and Work Environment:The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Physical Demands: While performing the duties of this job, this position requires the ability to sit for potentially long periods of time throughout the workday. Hearing sufficient to understand conversations, both in person and on the telephone. Dexterity of hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, power tools, and to handle other computer components for potentially long periods of time without experiencing abnormal hand, wrist, or eye strain. Occasional inspection of cables in floors and ceilings. Lifting and transporting moderately heavy objects, such as computers and peripherals. Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Work Environment: Includes a typical office environment, with minimal exposure to excessive noise or adverse environmental issues, including exposure to heat, cold, inclement weather conditions, and occasional environmental hazards. Local, regional, and national travel may be required. Epsilon Benefits:Medical, Dental, Vision PlanAD&D and Life InsurancePaid Federal HolidaysPaid Time Off401(k) Retirement PlanEducation reimbursementReferral Bonuses View More Careers at EPSILONURL: www.epsilon-inc.com/careers Follow us on: LinkedIn | Twitter | google+ Epsilon is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. EEO/AA: Minorities/Females/Disabled/Vets.Please click here to review your rights under EEO policy. If you are an individual with a disability and need special assistance or reasonable accommodation in applying for employment with Epsilon, Inc., please contact our Recruiting department by phone 828-398-5414 or by email careers@epsilon-inc.com.
