It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

Kyriba empowers financial leaders and their teams with award-winning solutions for cash and risk management, payments and supply chain finance. Kyriba delivers a highly secure, 100 percent SaaS enterprise platform, superior bank connectivity and a seamlessly integrated solution-set for tackling today’s most complex financial challenges. Thousands of companies, including many of the world’s largest organizations, rely on Kyriba to streamline key processes, protect against loss from fraud and cybercrime, and accelerate growth opportunities through improved decision support. Technology analyst-firm IDC recognized Kyriba as a global leader in its MarketScape for SaaS and cloud-enabled treasury and risk management applications for 2017-2018. Kyriba is headquartered in San Diego, with offices in New York, Paris, London, Tokyo, Dubai and other major locations. For more information, visit www.kyriba.com .

Kyriba is seeking a talented Senior Data Scientist/Machine Learning Lead to join our team of more than 200 engineers working together to bring innovative solutions to Kyriba clients around the globe.

As a member of the engineering leadership team, you will be responsible for researching, developing and implementing machine learning algorithms for Kyriba’s industry-leading leading financial technology products, including payments, risk management, business intelligence and fraud prevention.

Success in this position requires a team player with strong technical acumen and solid understanding of the best practices in machine learning, data science, AI and software engineering in a large-scale SaaS environment. Will be working in tight collaboration with other members of the software engineering team, and product managers, in an agile environment. Ideal candidate is passionate and curious about the latest technologies, individual who embraces working in a multicultural and international environment.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes.

Undertake reprocessing of structured and unstructured data.

Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns.

Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms.

Combine models through ensemble modeling.

Present information using data visualization techniques.

Propose solutions and strategies to address product needs and business opportunities.

Provide thought leadership and technology vision, as well as pragmatic tactical approach.

Coaching and advising developers and engineering managers.

Effectively working with team members across multiple geographies.

Education and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field is preferred.

Solid track record of technical leadership and building world-class teams.

Proven experience as a Data Scientist.

Experience in data mining.

Understanding of machine-learning and operations research.

Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Java, Scala or C++ is an asset.

Experience using business intelligence tools and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop).

Analytical mind and business acumen.

Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra), Problem-solving aptitude.

Team player. Should be able to communicate, lead and coach other team members, present to non-technical audience including customers.

Effective communication skills in English, both verbal and written .

Kyriba Culture and Values: At Kyriba, we value a strong work culture and sense of community and ownership among our global team. We live by our “iCare” value system to demonstrate our care and commitment to our clients and to each other. In hiring, we look for candidates that are a strong fit with our culture and values, as well as bring the talent and experience required by the position.

Innovation: We foster innovation and entrepreneurial thinking across our team by rewarding employees for their achievements and encouraging efficiency and continual process improvement.

Client Success: Our passion is to enable our clients’ success. We do this by understanding their needs, and developing and managing solutions that provide them the insight to effectively drive decision making within their organizations.

Accountability: We each take personal responsibility for our actions. We are committed to our own continuous improvement and we go the extra mile to meet our clients' needs.

Respect: We respect each other’s ideas, efforts and commitments, and embrace our diverse cultures and points of view. We achieve our goals through teamwork, responsiveness, open communication and a positive attitude.

Excellence: We strive for excellence in all that we do and bring the passion and commitment to deliver on our promises. We achieve excellence through leadership, teamwork, transparency and integrity, and we are committed to recognizing employee achievements.
