Job Summary

May lead the design and development of processes and systems to analyze high volume, diverse "big data" sources using advanced mathematical, statistical, querying, and reporting methods. Fully understands and interprets predictive analytics techniques and inductive statistical analysis to predict outcomes and behaviors. Interacts with business partners to identify questions for data analysis and experiments. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to business partners. May be considered an expert in current and emerging technologies to create machine intelligence models. The successful candidate must stay current to the state of the art by reading, understanding, and applying the ideas, techniques, algorithms, and results expressed in recently-published articles and papers.

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree and four years related work experience or eight years related work experience post high school

Three years experience working with R, Java, Python, SAS, SPSS or other predictive modeling tools

Three years experience in advanced math and statistics

Preferred Qualifications

Master's Degree or PhD in Math, Statistics or related field

Three years experience working with Hadoop, a NoSQL Database or other big data infrastructure

Three years experience actively engaged in data science or some other research-oriented activity

At Sprint, we're more than just talk. We've changed the way people communicate, how they work and how they stay connected on the go. Sprint is widely recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies, including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United States; offering industry-leading mobile data services, leading prepaid brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile, and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Behind every decision we make, there is a passion and drive to develop technologies to enhance and simplify our customers' lives.

Are you ready for the big time?

Sprint is a background screening, drug screening, and E-Verify participating employer and considers qualified candidates with criminal histories consistent with applicable law.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Protected Veterans.

Metro Area

US-KS-Kansas City, US-MO-Kansas City

Sprint is an Equal Opportunity Employer and has been recognized for its commitment to diversity and creating an inclusive workplace where all employees’ backgrounds, talents and contributions are valued. Sprint reviews applications for employment without regard to the applicant's race, religion, color, creed, gender/sex, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, ancestry, age, citizenship, marital status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability or any other classification protected by Federal, state or local law. Sprint is a background screening, drug-free workplace.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Protected Veterans

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled protected veteran and need an accommodation or accessibility assistance to apply for one of our positions, you may submit a request by sending an email to careers@sprint.com or by faxing your request to 913-523-9980.

“Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws” Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster; Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Poster; Supplemental Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) is the Law Poster; Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster; Pay Transparency Notice Poster; and the Philadelphia’s Fair Change Hiring Law Poster.
