Data Scientist - 41641

Data Science - USA Chicago, Illinois

Data Scientist

As a global leader in measurement and information, we believe providing our clients a precise understanding of the consumer is the key to making the right decisions -- decisions that can lead to profitable growth. At Nielsen, we’re always innovating to keep pace with emerging market trends and the increasingly diverse, demanding and connected consumer.

After nearly a century, we’re more focused and skilled than ever at providing the complete view of what consumers watch and buy through powerful insights that clarify the relationship between content and commerce. Whether our clients are in media, consumer packaged goods, telecom or advertising, our expansive data and measurement capabilities provide market context and confidence through our long history of innovation and integrity.

Purpose of the role:

Develops data models to meet the needs of the organization's decision making process. Manages the flow of information between departments though the use of relational databases. Maintains data integrity by working to eliminate redundancy.

Main Accountabilities:

Enable better decisions using the data (e.g. mkt dynamics)

Help solve client challenges (e.g. performance mgmt., product or methodology evolution POC)

Support on translating Clients’ requirements to actionable solutions

Role requirements:

2+ yrs of work experience in the market research

Domain in managing clients and proven experience of solving complex client requirements

Domain expert in all these areas: Linear regression, Time series Regression, K mean, Neural Networks, Decision trees, Classification, etc.

Bachelors degree in Statistics, Operations Research, or Econometrics with outstanding analytical expertise and strong technical leadership

Demonstrates experience in statistical techniques, market research methodologies, research processes, operations as well as knowledge of the complexity of consumer businesses and client needs.

Strong project management and communication skills.

Ability to present and explain methodological and operational solutions to executive leadership

Proficient in Python, R or other statistical packages.

ABOUT NIELSEN

We’re in tune with what the world is watching, buying, and everything in between. If you can think of it, we’re measuring it. We sift through the small stuff and piece together big pictures to provide a comprehensive understanding of what’s happening now and what’s coming next for our clients. Today’s data is tomorrow’s marketplace revelation.

We like to be in the middle of the action. That’s why you can find us at work in over 100 countries. From global industry leaders to small businesses, consumer goods to media companies, we work with them all. We’re bringing in data 24/7 and the possibilities are endless. See what’s next with us at Nielsen: careers.nielsen.com

Nielsen is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, protected veteran status or any other protected class.

Job Type: Regular

Primary Location : Chicago , Illinois

Secondary Locations: , , ,

Travel: No
