If you are looking to make an impact on a meaningful scale, come join us as we raise the world's expectations for how much good food can do!

Work Shift:

1ST SHIFT (United States of America)

As a team member of the Applied Technology & Innovation (ATI) Team at Tyson Foods you will be a critical thought leader of the newly formed data science practice. This role will participate in developing and leading the ATI analytic capability building program. Apply deep creative rigorous thinking to solve broad business problems using advanced analytics and big data skill leadership and direct engagement of business leaders. Give a structure to a business problem that can be analyzed with the available data and where necessary gather manipulate and analyze large data sets from multiple sources. Initiate and drive insights into enterprise-wide analytic initiatives. Mentor data scientists in algorithm development and corporate and industry-wide analytics. Master the basics of machine learning and harness the power of data to forecast and predict patterns. Execute research and analytics including data sources identification processing model algorithm development turning insights into actionable recommendation presenting actionable recommendation and drive actions to business value creation. Possesses exceptional business acumen and collaborate closely with various functional groups such as Product Sales Supply Chain Marketing and Technology. Identify and understand business problems from the perspective of business strategy execution and operations and solve problems that have the most value to the company. Propagate the power of predictive analysis to the business and develop business cases to illustrate the improvements in decision-making from this data science.

Responsibilities:

Ability to apply knowledge of multidisciplinary business principles and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross-functional projects and activities

Application of mathematical methods in predictive analytics including regression forecasting risk modeling methods and other advanced computational concepts.

Experience with statistical analysis quantitative analytics and or forecasting predicting analytics to solve problems and deliver real value.

Experience with applying machine learning using distributed systems like Hadoop Hive Spark or similar libraries.

Proficiency across most modeling machine learning techniques regression tree models survival analysis cluster analysis forecasting anomaly detection association rules

Leveraging data visualization and analytic tools to grasp the business building insights in our data for solving ad hoc business problems innovating on potential future solutions and working with technology partners to translate innovations into robust scaled analytic solutions.

Proven experience with driving new methods to analyze structured and unstructured data; introduces novel visualization and presentation paradigms to communicate discoveries

Be able to acquire and organize new data sets mine data for patterns visually represent data and develop machine learning algorithms.

Transform data into impactful business insights and expose opportunities strategy recommendations and implementation plans to improve key performance metrics for the business.

Evaluate model output formulate and test hypotheses weigh alternatives and determine appropriate responses.

Experience with deploying algorithms data products into a production environment.

Experience working in an Agile software development environment.

Lead projects effectively in an independent manner with minimal direct supervision.

Education: MS plus with concentration in quantitative disciplines - Statistics Mathematics Operations Research Computer Science Engineering Economics Quantitative Social Science or similar discipline.

Experience: 8-10 years within data analysis field or discipline.

Communication skills: Be effective communicators self-motivated and able to drive insights into actions that improve business results. Demonstrated leadership in applying analytic techniques to deliver actionable insights from data strong written and verbal communication skills to influence others to take action and demonstrated ability to handle multiple priorities.

When completing a Tyson Foods employment application, be sure to complete all tasks listed on the candidate home page. If not, you will see a message that there are 1 or more task(s) that require attention. Applicants for hourly production positions must complete the task to provide additional information to be considered from employment.

Tyson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, national origin, color, religion, age, genetics, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.
