One Company...Many Careers!

Data Science at State Farm:

For over 95 years, data has been key to State Farm. As a member of our data science team, you will work across the organization to solve business problems and help achieve business strategies. You will employ sophisticated, statistical approaches and state of the art technology. You will build and refine our tools/techniques and engage with internal stakeholders across the organization to improve our products & services.

Implementing solutions is critical for success. You will do problem identification, solution proposal & presentation to a wide variety of management & technical audiences. This challenging career requires you to work on multiple concurrent projects in a community setting, developing yourself and others, and advancing data science both at State Farm and externally.

 Data Scientist Skills & Professional Experience Required:

Develop hypotheses, design experiments, and test feasibility of proposed actions to determine probable outcomes using a variety of tools & technologies

Completed Masters, other advanced degrees, and five (5) years' experience in an analytical field such as data science quantitative marketing, statistics, operations research, management science, industrial engineering, economics, etc. or equivalent practical experience in a business environment.

Experience with SQL, Python, R, Java, SAS or MapReduce, SPARK

Experience with unstructured data sets: text analytics, image recognition etc.

Experience working with numerous large data sets/data warehouses and ability to pull from such data sets using relevant programs & coding including files, RDBMS & Hadoop based storage systems

Knowledge in machine learning methods including at least one of the following: Time series analysis, Hierarchical Bayes; or learning techniques such as Decision Trees, Boosting, Random Forests.

Excellent communication skills and the ability to manage multiple diverse stakeholders across businesses and leadership levels.

Exercise sound judgment to diagnose and resolve problems within area of expertise

Familiarity with CI/CD development methods, Git and Docker a plus

***This is a multiple location opportunity:

Dallas, Texas: Everything is big in Texas! including opportunities at State Farm. Our CityLine Hub location offers easy access to DART, lots of parking and a wide variety of healthy dining options.

Phoenix, Arizona: Sunny Phoenix - a cool job in a hoppin' city. Our Marina Heights Hub is conveniently located on Tempe Town lake in close proximity to Downtown Tempe. It can be assessed by car, bus, light rail, bike share and soon the Tempe street car.

Bloomington, Illinois: Home to State Farm's Corporate Headquarters - Bloomington offers a fun, family-friendly, mid-sized community and boasts an average 15 minute rush hour commute. The community is very active and is home to two universities: Illinois State University and Illinois Wesleyan.

What's In It For You:

Comprehensive benefits package, competitive pay and bonus potential

401K and fully funded pension plan - yes, Both!

Volunteer opportunities: get involved and Join the Neighborhood of Good!

Tuition Reimbursement program - we support opportunities for you to learn and grow.

A Learning Culture: mentoring, conferences, development day i.e. online courses, research papers and more.

Dress for your Day philosophy

We embrace Diversity and Inclusion: We are one team and it is simply the right thing to do.

Free covered parking

Learn more about our benefits at State Farm Careers!

**State Farm does not currently have a business need to consider candidates who require Visa Sponsorship.

We are not just offering a job but a meaningful career! We’re here to help life go right®

Join our passionate team!
