Job Title: Data Scientist

Job Location: Hershey, PA

Summary:

The Enterprise Data Science team within Hershey Information Systems provides exciting opportunities to innovate using machine-intelligent algorithms in a fast-paced team environment that contributes to game-changing projects and transformational technologies. As a data scientist on the Enterprise Data Science team, you'll partner with technology and business partners to build new, data-driven, machine-intelligent capabilities that impact the business. You will work with large volumes of data, innovative technologies, and advanced methods to solve real business problems. You'll design and run experiments, research new algorithms, and find new ways of optimizing risk, profitability, and the customer experience.

Applicants should have a strong background in machine learning, statistical modeling, feature discovery/selection, optimization, exploratory data analysis, data mining and pattern recognition.

Primary responsibilities:

As part of a team, use machine learning (ML), deep learning (DL) and other analytical techniques to create scalable solutions for business problems

Interact with business partners, technologists and engineers define and understand business problems, help and aid them to implement ML/DL algorithms when appropriate

Demonstrate understanding of forecasting, optimization, statistical analysis and operations research. Extensive knowledge of forecasting techniques such as trend analysis, econometric models and machine learning is preferred

Design, develop and evaluate highly innovative models for predictive learning, content ranking, and anomaly detection

Analyze and extract relevant information from historical data to help automate and optimize key processes

Work closely with technology, business and engineering teams to drive model implementations and adoption of new algorithms.

Experience:

+2 years of experience working with Python & R

+2 years of professional experience or relevant coursework/projects

+2 years of relevant experience building large scale machine learning or deep learning models and/or systems

+1 years of experience building, training, scoring, tuning and maintaining predictive models

+1 years of experience with large-scale data storage processing architectures (Hadoop, SQL, HIVE, Spark/SparkR, etc.)

+1 years of experience data engineering

+1 years of experience working with cloud-based analytical systems (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud)

Experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow/Keras

Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques

Qualifications:

Master’s degree with STEAM focus required, Ph.D. welcome to apply

Fluency in a scripting or computing language (e.g. Python, R, Scala, C++, Java, etc.)

Depth and breadth in quantitative knowledge. Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills

Strong working knowledge of deep learning, machine learning and statistics

Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment

Strong attention to detail

Natural curiosity and desire to learn

Strong communication skills (written & oral)

Possess a startup mindset with entrepreneurial, experimental, and exploratory behaviors

Demonstrate innovative thinking

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The policy of The Hershey Company is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veterans
