Position Summary...

Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and applies this to the development, execution, and improvement of action plans by providing expert advice and guidance to others in the application of information and best practices; supporting and aligning efforts to meet customer and business needs; and building commitment for perspectives and rationales. Provides and supports the implementation of business solutions by building relationships and partnerships with key stakeholders; identifying business needs; determining and carrying out necessary processes and practices; monitoring progress and results; recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities; and adapting to competing demands, organizational changes, and new responsibilities. Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by incorporating these into the development and implementation of business plans; using the Open Door Policy; and demonstrating and assisting others with how to apply these in executing business processes and practices.

What you'll do...

A Data Scientist is responsible for analyzing large data sets to develop custom models and algorithms to drive business solutions. Data Scientists work on project teams in order to provide analytical support to projects (for example, email targeting, business optimization, consumer recommendations) for Walmart eCommerce. Data Scientists are responsible for building large data sets from multiple sources in order to build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics. Those algorithms will be tested, validated, and applied to large data sets. Data Scientists are responsible for training the algorithms so they can be applied to future data sets and provide the appropriate search results. Data Scientists are responsible for researching new trends in the industry and utilizing up-to-date technology (for example, HBase, MapReduce, LAPack, Gurobi) and analytical skills to support their assigned project.

Develop custom data models to drive innovative business solutions.

Work with cross-functional partners across the business.

Build complex data sets from multiple data sources, both internally and externally.

Conduct advanced statistical analysis to determine trends and significant data relationships.

Build learning systems to analyze and filter continuous data flows and offline data analysis.

Train algorithms to apply models to new data sets.

Validate models and algorithmic techniques.

Scale new algorithms to large data sets.

Combine data features to determine search models.

Research new techniques and best practices within the industry.

Develop models of current state in order to determine needed improvements

Utilize system tools including (MySQL, Hadoop, Weka, R, Matlab,ILog).

Minimum Qualifications...

Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.

Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor of Science and 5 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 2 years' data science experience.

Preferred Qualifications...

Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.
