Clinical Data Scientist

Job Locations (All) | US-Remote

Posted Date 2 days ago(7/11/2019 2:51 PM)

ID

2019-55158

Overview

At PRA, we don’t make our 16000+ people great. It’s the other way around. As we have grown to a top-5 CRO, we have maintained the feel of a small company, dedicated to collaboration and passion for what we do.

We always have a desire to keep seeking new and better ways to operate. We don’t settle for the same old ways. Our passion for improving patient lives worldwide permeates all that we do. Put simply, we care.

Due to growth we are currently seeking a Clinical Data Scientist, to work as part of an established global group that supports project teams in analyzing clinical data to identify risks and data issues, using advanced analytical techniques.

Acting as a Key Functional Lead on projects; the Clinical Data Scientist will assess trial compliance, perform trending analysis, exploratory data reviews and report findings to internal and external stakeholders.

Key responsibilities in this role include:

Developing and maintaining study documents specifying strategy, approach and procedures on assigned protocols/projects.

Providing input to applications, databases and systems used to assess study data quality.

Reviewing clinical data at aggregate level regularly throughout assigned studies using analytical reporting tools to support the identification of risks and data patterns/trends.

Creating analytical reports and presentations to facilitate review and data-driven decision making during team meetings

Performs analytical reviews and collaborates with assigned project teamsto address data-related questions and

recommend potential solutions.

Provides input during adaptive monitoring assessment process.

Documents review findings utilizingapplicable systems, according to standard procedures.

Develops analytical reports usingprogramming knowledge and data modeling techniques, e.g., SQL, SAS.

Leads Analysis of Findings meetings on assigned projects.

Escalates project concerns such as outof-scope tasks, at-risk project deliverables and project team relationship issues to functional and project managers in a timely fashion.

Analytically-minded, a problem-solver

Here at PRA we want our employees to succeed and ensure that they are set up for this success through constant training, development and support. To enable success in this position you will have:

Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in a Scientific or Healthcare discipline

Previous experience, ideally in a similar role, but we are also open to considering people with other relevant clinical trials experience, including those working as Lead Data Managers, Programmers, Clinical Research Associates, Clinical Team Managers and Project Managers.

Familiarity with risk-based monitoring

Technical ability: use of JReview specifically or other analytical/visualization tool (e.g Spotfire, SAS JMP Clinical, SAS, R) or at a very minimum significant experience in using excel (including pivot tables, graphics and data exploration).

Analytical thinker: ability to break down issues into manageable components

SQL experience

Skills in aggregating data review and interpretation using visualization/analysis software e.g. JReview, Tableau, SAS

You will be frequently collaborating within multi-cultural global teams, so will need to demonstrate excellent written and oral communication skills, exhibit pro-active teamwork alongside a positive attitude, and maintain up-to-date industry awareness and understanding of regulation/standards.

PRA is an EEO/AA employer and is committed to providing opportunities to minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Qualifications

Options

Apply for this job onlineApply

Share

Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.

Share on your newsfeed

Connect With Us!
