Company Overview

Navigating Cancer is the pioneer in patient relationship management software and services for cancer care. The company has developed the first patient-centered oncology platform that improves the care delivery model for patients, providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers and payers. By putting patients at the center of their care, providers become economically viable in value-based payment models, payers and at-risk providers reduce the total cost of cancer care, and pharmaceutical manufacturers improve medication adherence for their life-saving treatments. Most importantly, patients receive a holistic service offering to support their individual goals and preferences.

The company is backed by industry-leading patient satisfaction ratings and currently supports over a million patients, thousands of care providers, dozens of pharmaceutical manufacturers, and several payer models nationwide to lower costs, improve patient satisfaction, and drive better outcomes.

Job Summary

Responsible for leading the design and development of advanced analytics initiatives. You will be the subject matter expert and participate in predictive modeling, data mining, statistical analysis, AI projects and decision models to address business issues related to Oncology and Healthcare management models.

Responsibilities

Develop advanced algorithms to perform analytics on large-scale and complex data for real-world health and healthcare applications.

Conduct real world data analysis for pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology customers using structured and un-structured data.

Synthesize study results and translate into key findings, interpret results in the context of product/market/industry dynamics, and communicate results to senior management and clients.

Independently develop high-quality deliverables in a timely manner

Present information using data visualization techniques

Propose solutions and strategies to address business challenges

Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes

Be a leader in data science and analytics efforts. Mentor and provide input to team members and other analysts to help define the team's vision, design and execute analytic projects from start-to-finish, inform technical direction, and support reporting of accomplishments.

Build collaboration among health stakeholders, working across organizations to bring consensus to achieve objectives. Become a sought-out subject matter expert by consistently producing high-quality results.

Qualifications

5+ years of proven experience as a Data Scientist or Senior Data Analyst

Demonstrated ability in selecting, developing, and applying machine learning and data mining algorithms with proven business utility

Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity and hands on experience with Matlab, Scala, Java or C++ is an asset.

Experience with data–driven predictive model development, unstructured text mining, natural language processing, and anomaly and novelty detection

Working knowledge of modern large-scale data systems and architectures; ability to manage and manipulate large disparate data sets

Strong math skills (e.g. stats)

Experience with pattern recognition, statistical analysis and machine learning; fluent, with hands-on experience with some of the following implementation languages: Python, R, Matlab, JAVA, or C /C Excellent communication and presentation skills, strong problem-solving skills, strong analytical and organizational skills

ability to work independently or within a group

Demonstrated capability to carry out original research beyond incremental application of existing techniques, as evidenced by publications in premier conferences would be a plus

Prior experience with developing bioinformatics analysis pipelines, Pharmacology related data analysis would be preferred

PhD, BSc/BA, M.S. in Computer Science, Information Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science is preferred

Why work here?

We support thousands of healthcare professionals and tens of thousands of cancer patients every day. We help cancer patients get better care—and consider this a valuable and meaningful reason to come to work everyday. You get to work with leading technology, wear many hats, and contribute every day to our business success! You get to help us grow and establish ourselves as a world-class business. We are lean, agile, and lightweight. We believe in each other, believe in our work, and have fun along the way.

This position is full time, in our downtown Seattle office. We offer competitive compensation, benefits and a fantastic work environment. Come join our team and make a difference!

Our Values:

Work with Purpose . Work together to improve the lives of cancer patients. Collaborate with team members, have passion, enthusiasm and mission for the work that we do.

Act with Integrity . Communicate openly, be honest, follow through.

Be Agile . Discover creative solutions, welcome change. Adapt and pursue continuous improvement.

Seek Simplicity. Reduce complexity for our customers and patients. Simplify our products, our processes and our messages.

Strive for Growth . Constantly strive to achieve personal, professional, and company goals. Continuous reflection, learning and achievement.
