IQVIA™ is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward. Data Scientist 1 position for new graduate in summer of 2020. Individual started as Intern in 2018 and continued through 2019 and will be graduating in 2020. They have gained AI knowledge through their work in Translation and use of NLP capabilities. They would in the future (2020 onwards) support AI capabilities in various areas of the business: Translation ($14M), Safety ($20M), Regulatory ($30M), OCT ($4M), LTC ($4M), eTMF ($20M) etc where there is a need to be able to take digital text and convert it into subsequent actions in follow-up systems. They will work toward various CARs that are being approved and will have at least 60% CAP to keep this individual billable to those build efforts noted above. NOTE: This is a position to be filled in the Summer of 2020 and with the pre-requisite that the individual being offered the position must first complete their bachelors degree to a suitable level. Join UsMaking a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients.Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning.IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/DisabledIQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.
