Founded by The Allstate Corporation in 2016, Arity is a data and analytics company focused on improving transportation. We collect and analyze enormous amounts of data, using predictive analytics to build solutions with a single goal in mind: to make transportation smarter, safer and more useful for everyone. 
At the heart of that mission are the people that work here—the dreamers, doers and difference-makers that call this place home. As part of that team, your work will showcase both your intelligence and your creativity as you tackle real problems and put your talents towards transforming transportation. 
That’s because at Arity, we believe work and life shouldn’t be at odds with one another. After all, we know that your unique qualities give you a unique perspective. We don’t just want you to see yourself here. We want you to be yourself here.
  
  
The Team  

Arity Data Science &amp; Analytics combines technical knowledge in fields such as mathematics, computer programming, and data engineering with business expertise. We’re passionate about learning new disciplines and techniques to deliver top-notch predictive analytics products. Armed with billions of miles of driving data, we constantly challenge ourselves to seek out opportunities for new products and ways to make our existing offerings better. Our purpose is to extract meaning from data to make Arity’s vision of safer, smarter, and more useful transportation a reality. 

  
The Role  

This role will be part of the Insurance Solutions product area, working to develop telematics-based insights to aid in the claims handling process, and potentially for other insurance use-cases for telematics beyond pricing and claims. All data scientists across product teams at Arity are responsible for leading the use of data to make decisions, including:  
The development and management of new machine learning predictive models 
The coding and development of tools that use machine learning/predictive modeling to make business decisions 
Searching for and integrating new data (both internal and external) that improves our modeling and machine learning results (and ultimately our decisions) 
Discovery of solutions to business problems that can be solved through the use of machine learning/predictive modeling  
As an ideal candidate, you appreciate the difference between fitting and implementing statistical models, the importance of good metrics, and the significance of large-volume high-quality data. You can perceive common structure between superficially unrelated problems, and can use this to build tools, algorithms, and products of high value. This role will also begin to manage projects of medium complexity.
 
 Responsibilities   
Uses best practices to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs 
Manages data and data requests to improve the accuracy of our data and decisions made from data analysis 
Uses and learns a wide variety of tools and languages to achieve results (e.g., R, SAS, Python, Hadoop) 
Identifies languages and tools that can bring efficiencies or needed techniques to the team 
Works on data and business problems to drive improved business results through designing, building, and partnering to implement models 
Collaborates with the team to improve the effectiveness of business decisions through the use of data and machine learning/predictive modeling 
Understands the business’ problems to identify the optimal modeling approach 
Communicates to team members, leadership and stakeholders on findings to ensure models are well understood and incorporated into business processes 
Utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down moderately complex projects into tasks and ensure deadlines are kept 
Works with leaders to ensure the project will meet their needs 
The development and execution of a communication strategy, with appropriate coaching, that keeps all relevant stakeholders informed and provides an opportunity to influence the direction of the work 
Reviews and evaluates on appropriateness of techniques, given current modeling practices, to senior leadership 
Leads and participates in peer reviews, code reviews and other department activities  

  
Qualifications  

Required:  
Degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, computer science, finance or related discipline 
Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets 
Experience in working with statistical software such as SAS, SPSS, MatLab, R, CART, etc. 
Ability to code and develop prototypes in languages such as Python, Perl, Java, C 
Knowledge of advanced modeling techniques, experience in using statistical modeling and/or machine learning techniques to build models 
Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise 
Demonstrated analytic agility  
  

 
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. 
That’s the day-to-day, now let’s talk about the rest of it. As we mentioned, Arity was founded by The Allstate Corporation. But you’ll be working for—and at—Arity. It’s the best of both worlds. You’ll get access to the full suite of Allstate benefits and work in a fast-paced startup culture. That’s more than just free breakfasts, brain breaks and ping pong. It’s a culture that encourages you to be you. 
Sound like a fit? Apply now! We can’t wait to meet you. 
 Arity.com   Instagram   Twitter  LinkedIn    Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.   Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. 

For jobs in San Francisco, please click  "here"  for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.   For jobs in Los Angeles, please click  "here"  for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Chicago, IL 60290 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2676_120757-en_US
