Passion for data (and fearlessness in the face of a data tsunami), modeling, research design and cutting-edges algorithms.

PhD or MS in one of the following disciplines: Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, Economics, Econometrics, Finance.

Fluency in English, both written and spoken.

1+ years of working experience.

Programming languages/platforms: fluency in SQL, Python, Spark, AWS.

Exposure to software engineering environments (version control, command line…).

Hey – there’s a revolution going on! A revolution in digital entertainment. Every day millions of people around the world choose to be more thoughtfully entertained, informed and educated by listening to fascinating stories and all forms of fictional and non-fictional content on their smartphones and other mobile devices.

Audible seeks a Data Scientist who will help our product, marketing, and content teams target customers and prospects as well as understand and personalize the content, format and context needed to optimize their book-listening experience.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

In this role, you will make the best of your skillset in predictive modeling, recommendation modeling, (un-) supervised learning, and simulation to explain, quantify, predict and prescribe. You will translate business goals into agile, insightful analytics and you will seek to create value for both stakeholders and customers and will convey findings in a clear, actionable way to managers and senior leaders.

Develop models to optimize the Who, When, Where and How of all our conversations with customers.

Develop models to measure and optimize our Audiobook Catalog.

Develop Amazon-scale data engineering pipelines.

Imagine and invent before the business asks, and create groundbreaking applications using cutting-edge approaches.

Contribute to the growth of the Audible Data Science team by sharing your ideas, intellectual property and learning from others.

Domain knowledge of comparable products (digital, retail).

Experience with Agile Software Development.

Experience with Container Platforms (Docker, Kubernetes/Fargate).

Experience with Streaming data processing.

Audible is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age
