Organization and Job ID

Job ID: 309520

Directorate: Energy & Environment

Division: Earth Systems Science

Group: Risk & Decision Sciences

Job Description

The Risk and Decision Sciences Group (RDS) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) provides an opportunity to work in a dynamic environment solving challenging and interesting problems with national and international impact. The RDS team develops novel analytical methods and integrates them with state-of-the-art technologies to help clients, define the decision workspace, prioritize risks, and develop defensible risk management strategies. The team provides innovative solutions throughout the entire decision-making process that serve as the foundation for developing strategies to minimize risks to individuals or the public, program life cycles, facility designs and operations, and the environment. We are seeking a Data Scientist to assist in analyzing and implementing data driven solutions to problems specific to risk analysis projects and programs. The qualified candidate will support risk and decision analysis team, which develops strategic approaches in a diverse range of nuclear and other science-related projects, including project risk, regulatory assessments, and engineering alternative studies. This position provides support in data analyses and modeling through participation in multidisciplinary teams of scientists and engineers in identifying, analyzing, and implementing solutions to problems in environment, energy, homeland security, and defense. The data scientist will be responsible for stochastic risk model development and maintenance, compiling, analyzing and interpreting decision support data.

Primary responsibilities include:

Providing technical leadership in the development of risk assessments.

Interpreting and presenting results to identify issues, inconsistencies, and other phenomena.

Delivering quality technical products for assigned tasks with timeliness and cost to meet or exceed client expectations.

Leading to the technical content of proposals.

Selects and develops technical approaches appropriate for sponsor challenges.

Identifying and leading interdisciplinary engineering and scientific project teams

Sponsor engagement, serving as professional and technical leader

Exhibiting personal responsibility for and commitment to: continued career development, performing organizational roles, complying with organizational requirements, taking action to ensure personal safety and the safety of others at all times.

Proactively identifying, promoting and developing new technical capabilities.

Independently managing and completing recurring project specific tasks.

Working autonomously but seeking technical guidance when needed.

Program/Project Managers for performing assigned project roles for following applicable project and laboratory procedures and performance of assigned tasks on time and within budget.

The Risk and Decision Sciences Technical Group Manager for general staff performance and development, operational discipline (e.g., maintaining training qualifications, procedural compliance, safe operations), and promoting cooperation and teamwork within group and projects.

The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience, and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:

Level 3: Manages small to moderate projects and/or major project tasks. Integrates intellectual and technical capabilities of work teams. Enhances technical/professional skills of junior staff through active mentoring and training. Generates ideas for new proposals and participates in business development activities.

Level 4: Proven track record of peer review publications and participation in events as an invited speaker, along with attracting new work and successfully bringing funds to the lab. Experience managing diverse teams of people. Ability to manage business situations and influence positive outcomes. A background to lead the program to be view favorably, and will work with an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers to manage and grow a biogeochemistry program, building on the facilities and expertise that already exist at PNNL.

Minimum Qualifications

Based on client and project requirements, U.S. Citizenship is required.

BS/BA with 5 years of experience

MS/MA with 3 years of experience

PhD with 1 years of experience

Preferred Qualifications

BS with 7+ years’ experience, or MS/MA with 5+ years’ experience, or PhD with 3+ years’ experience.

Bachelor’s degree in engineering, mathematics, statistics, computer science or operations research, and 5 or more years of progressively responsible experience, or MS or PhD in a related area.

Certification, licensure or experience may be substituted for an advanced degree.

Strong skills in Visual Basic (to customize Microsoft Excel).

Technical Expertise and Breadth of Knowledge: Knowledge of the integrated application of risk assessment techniques, risk models, statistical analysis, risk elicitation, and engineering design principles.

Technical Judgment: Experience in risk assessment of complex systems. Understanding and evaluation of probability of occurrence using multiple techniques including fault tree and event tree is desired.

Past performance must demonstrate attributes of being self-motivated and self-directed, and must demonstrate experience in working with technical teams on specific projects and assignments.

Must be able to prioritize activities and complete tasks with minimal supervision.

Equal Employment Opportunity

Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.

Directorate: Energy & Environment

Job Category: Scientists/Scientific Support

Group: Risk & Decision Sciences

Opening Date: 2019-06-27

Closing Date: 2019-07-31
