Ref ID: 04030-0011057821Classification: Business AnalystCompensation: DOERobert Half Technology is looking for a Senior Data Scientist. This Senior Data Scientist is a direct hire, FTE (Full Time Employment) position with one of our client companies in the DFW area. For immediate and confidential consideration on this Permanent / Direct hire IT opportunity, please e-mail your resume confidentially to mitch.hagen@rht.com (profile also on LinkedIn.) Summary- Are you motivated to contribute to the digital transformation of a successful company? This is a unique opportunity to be at the forefront of using decision sciences and implement your solutions in production and have an impact on the business. As a deep domain expert, you will work on great projects and develop applications that will contribute to the value our client delivers to its customers. You should hold an MS or a PHD with a major in operations research, applied statistics, computer science or machine learning. The Senior Data Scientist will design, develop and implement valuable business solutions for the organization by preparing and cleaning data, designing and coding decision support systems and measuring performance of the recommended decisions. These applications will identify business trends and opportunities using advanced decision science. The candidate will interpret data from multiple sources using a variety of statistical and complex data mining techniques in order to provide guidance to the business and contribute to the value our client delivers to its customers. Primary Responsibilities- -Design and develop decision support systems from the ground up that will improve business effectiveness and performance. -Analyze and interpret results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data clustering to more advanced classification problem using supervised learning techniques with cross validation. -Prepare big data, implements data models and develops database to support the business solutions. -Coordinate and communicating effectively across diverse functional teams (business leaders and technical teams) the applied logic as well as the data and the information used. -Prepare high-level and detail-level project plans and ensure that each project objective is being completed within the agreed upon deadlines. Job Requirements Required Skills Experience- -Master?s Degree in applied statistics, computer science, or related field of study required. Minimum of three years work experience in a big data environment. -Hands-on technical and functional experience in building predictive modeling, decision support systems and datamining analysis in a big data environment -Experience in software engineering -Deep knowledge of Python programming, Python libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, Scipy, PyBrain, etc -Solid experienced with SQL and writing procedures -Knowledge of R programming and prototyping -Knowledge of Operations Research and decision sciences with the following: -Forecasting (Consumer Choice Modeling (Logit regression), time series, ANOVA, etc.) -Segmentation models (CART, random forest, decision tree, etc.) -Machine learning and deep learning (reinforcement learning) -Pricing analytics and revenue management (dynamic pricing, revenue optimization, price testing, etc.) -Experience in problem solving and delivering workable solutions -Team player who enjoys working in a collaborative, agile environment -Good communication skills with the ability to explain the significance of data in a way that can be easily understood by others -Strong attention to detail, proficient organizational skills -Very high initiative and drive for organizational success For immediate and confidential consideration on this Permanent / Direct hire IT opportunity, please e-mail your resume confidentially to mitch.hagen@rht.com (profile also on LinkedIn.)Technology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
