: As the Principal Data Scientist, you will be responsible for exposing, exploring, and exploiting large datasets across multiple modalities and domains to find novel relationships and behaviors and using models to provide deep insight and drive business decisions. Your primary focus will be on machine learning, data mining, and statistical modeling for predictive and prescriptive enterprise analytics. You will develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets and present findings to stakeholders to drive improvements and solutions from concept through to delivery. Your efforts and expertise will play an integral role in advancing Colorado's largest health system within an increasingly competitive healthcare environment. Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor's Degree in Analytics, Data Science, Math, Engineering, Physics, or equivalent • 8+ years of experience in the data science field • Deep Cloud and Web services experience • Extensive experience leading small and large teams of diverse skillsets to accomplis complex data schience and analytics goals. • Expertise in the following: One or more programming languages (Jave, C, C++)One or more scripting languages (R, Python, Bash, Spark)Statistical and data mining techniquesBig data access from multiple languages/platforms (SQL, NoSQL, Graph)Creating and using advanced analytics techniques (statistics, machine, learning, calculus, etc.)Using 3rd party analytics tools (Tableau, PowerBI, Spark, Theano, Tensorflow, Keras, etc.)Visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders • Deep Cloud and Web services experience • Extensive experience leading small and large teams of diverse skillsets to accomplish complex data science and analytics goals. Responsibilities: • Research, design, prototype and deliver robust and scalable models based on machine learning, data mining, and statistical modeling to answer key business problems and predict outcomes • Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques • knowledge of data curation and fusion techniques, including multiple storage modalities, data lake and warehouse architectures, streaming and batch analytics, and data fusion practices. • Present findings to stakeholders to drive improvements and solutions from concept through to delivery • Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets What's In It For You: • Benefits options, weekly paychecks, remote capabilities • Opportunity to work with one of the top health systems in the country • Chance to experience the many things that Denver and Colorado has to offer! About Medasource: Medasource is a leading Healthcare Technology solutions firm that enables clients to deliver on high-profile engagements by leveraging a proven network of expert consultants. We offer flexible human capital solutions and customized engagement models for projects of any shape and size. Our consultants support popular technologies for organizations including health systems, academic medical centers, and payers, as well as pharmaceutical, diagnostic, and device companies. Medasource offers more than 17 years of experience helping clients across the United States leverage new technology to improve care. We have over 175 clients in the healthcare industry, 5,000 consultants in the field, and delivery offices in 26 major US cities. We are a full service consulting firm that provides consultants with the following expertise: Cerner, Epic, MEDITECH, Allscripts, eClinicalWorks, Athena, PeopleSoft, Lawson, SAP, Workday, Kronos, Premier, Population Health Management/Analytics, Legacy Application Support, Project Management, Business Analysis, Application Integration Analyst, Clinical Education, Top Flight University Talent, Revenue Cycle, HIM, Pharma, Life Sciences, BioInformatics, Clinical Engineering. Medasource provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, disability, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Eight Eleven Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, disability, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
