Position Highlights: Recognized leader: Rated #1 Prepaid Wireless Provider in the U.S. Technology driven: Opportunity to work with state-of-the-art technology Teamwork: A supportive team environment that thrives on innovation. Culture: An entrepreneurial focus, where ownership and ingenuity are expected. Benefits: Excellent health benefits, Matching 401K, and education reimbursement. What you will do: Our mission at Tracfone Wireless Inc. is to enrich the lives of millions of our customers across ten different brands including StraightTalk, TracFone, Total Wireless, Walmart Family Mobile, Simple Mobile, Net10, PagePlus, Go Smart and SafeLink. As a Principal Data scientist within the customer experience (CX) group you will have the responsibility to innovate, create and enhance the experience of our customers. You will use the state of the art in machine learning/deep-learning to build recommendation systems, build Natural Language Process (NLP) systems for Chabot, conduct geographical analysis of network experiences, identify ways to optimize our supply chain, and more. You have the opportunity to shape the future of customer experience using your imagination and skills as a Principal Data Scientist. Functional Responsibilities: Identify key business problems and formulate explorative analysis to validate business hypothesis quickly. Source, manipulate, cleanse and synthesis data at scale from disparate structured and unstructured data sources. Develop novel algorithms and solution to complex business problems. Present insights and recommendations to key stakeholders within the business. Plan, manage and execute on data science projects independently, albeit drawing upon the input and expertise from multiple stakeholders. Design, innovate and test solutions to enhance customer experience. Operationalize the high quality code and jobs you develop to produce datasets, models and reports for production. Work collaboratively across different business functions, communicating complexity simply and effectively according to the audience. Leads the design, innovation, and testing of data science solutions to enhance customer experience. Mentor and coach other team members. Build a culture of ownership and innovation. Leadership Responsibilities: Develop strategy in line with TracFone and Customer Experience (CX) vision. Translate strategic initiatives into execution plans for different work streams. Lead research and development efforts of highly ambiguous and risky inititatives. Manage, lead and develop projects as part of the cross-functional team. Mentor and coach junior and senior memebers of the data science organization. in technical and non-technical areas. Establish, drive adoption of and improve the best practices in corresponding discipline (i.e. DS, DE, or TPM). Develop relationships with key internal stakeholders and grow adoption of data science throughout the TracFone organization. Demonstrate industry leadersip with presentations at industry or academic conferences or via blogs. Develop partnerships with universities (drive recruitment)and collaboration with our sister organization. Creates a culture of ownership and innovation for business impact. Required SkillsRequired Experience Bachelors in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or related field. MS/PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, or related field preferred. 8+ years of experience in data science or related areas including machine learning, deep learning, or statistical predictive modeling. 8+ years of experience in Python, R or similar statistical/machine learning software. 4+ years of experience with Big Data or distributed computing (e.g. Spark, Hadoop) or GPU/parallel computing (e.g. Nvidia CUDA). Strong data wrangling, cleaning and transformation skills using SQL, Python, or other scripting languages. Strong communicator and track record of delivering impactful, business relevant solutions. Experience with AWS, Azure, Google Cloud or Oracle Cloud services. Strong understanding of the best practices in corresponding discipline (i.e. DS, DE or TPM) Strong analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills. Experience with one or more of these or similar: Natural Language Processing Computer Vision Deep Learning Speech Recognition Statistical Optimization methods. Preferred Qualifications: 3+ years of experience with software development, continuous development/integration, and DevOps skills. Experience with Graphical Processing Units (GPUs) and CUDA programming. Experience with building chatbots, conversational agents or speech recognition. Experience with applying mathematical optimization to graph optimization problems.
