Direct hire, full time role with leading global construction and power tools manufacturer. Our client is committed to deep and ongoing investment in Data & Analytics capability. Our client believes that advanced analytics using massive data, while already important to our business, will increasingly become fundamental – even transformational – to the value we deliver to our customers and shareholders. Our client is seeking a Data Scientist who will be responsible for collecting data and developing insights related to innovative new business initiatives focused on the digital enablement of work sites and the Internet of Things. Essential Job Functions Leverage big data and data science to discover patterns and solve strategic & tactical business problems using massive structured and unstructured data sets across multiple environments Develop analytic capabilities (e.g. models and processes) that drive better outcomes for both customers and the company Drive the collection, cleansing, processing and analysis of new and existing data sources. Build, test, and deploy predictive models and/or machine learning algorithms on large static and/or streaming data sets Report findings by creating useful and appropriate data outputs and visualizations tailored for the intended audiences Learn & stay current on analytics developments in one or more business domains: Internet of Things, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Forecasting, Marketing and Sales, Pricing, etc. Learn & stay current on developments in one or more analytics domains: Optimization, Machine Learning, Deep Learning / AI, Simulation, etc. Generate innovative ideas, establish new research directions, shape and execute the information strategy in support of technical projects and new product developments Work with and support other team members, management, and partners Essential Skills & Experience Advanced degree (MS/PhD) in a relevant technical field (e.g., Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Econometrics) with 3+ years’ experience in related data science, analytics, and model building roles Experience working with large complex data sets, real time/near real time analytics, and distributed big data platforms (Hadoop & MapReduce and/or Cassandra/Spark) Strong practical knowledge of analytical techniques and methodologies such as machine learning/supervised and unsupervised techniques, segmentation, mix and time series modeling, response modeling, lift modeling, experimental design, neural networks, data mining and optimization techniques Strong knowledge of analysis tools such as Python, R, MATLAB, Spark or SAS. R/Spark on Hadoop or Cassandra preferred. Strong background in applying statistical machine learning techniques to predictive modeling and experience with Machine Learning libraries (via R, H2O, Python, Spark, etc.) Proficiency in programming in Python, R, SQL, JavaScript, Java/Scala/Ruby and shell scripting Proficiency in consuming REST based API (with JSON payload) is a plus. Fluency in big data platforms including Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Spark, PIG Familiarity with Cloud based HaaS/PaaS solutions such as AWS EMR, MS Azure. A strong understanding of data profiling and data cleansing techniques Natural curiosity and a strong passion for empirical research and problem solving Strong written and verbal communications skills; comfortable communicating with senior levels of both business and technology leadership Competencies Depth in relevant field(s) for data science, including: Statistical Analysis & Modeling Machine Learning Algorithms & Techniques Deep Learning / Neural Networks Optimization Techniques Understanding Business Problems Data Wrangling & Exploration Problem Solving Mindset Clear Communication Technical Fluency *No VISA sponsorship available. Job Requirements Competencies Depth in relevant field(s) for data science, including: Statistical Analysis & Modeling Machine Learning Algorithms & Techniques Deep Learning / Neural Networks Optimization Techniques Understanding Business Problems Data Wrangling & Exploration Problem Solving Mindset Clear Communication Technical Fluency
