VSG seeks Data Scientist - with Java, Scala, Python and Tableau or BoxiMajor Bank. NYC*** is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. The Firm's employees serve clients worldwide including corporations, governments and individuals from more than 1,200 offices in 43 countries.As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. *** can provide a superior foundation for building a professional career - a place for people to learn, to achieve and grow. A philosophy that balances personal lifestyles, perspectives and needs is an important part of our culture.Overview on Wealth ManagementWealth Management and Investment Management Technology (WMIMT) is responsible for the design, development, delivery, and support of the technical platform behind the products and services used by the Business. *** Wealth Management (WM) is a product of the acquisition of Smith Barney from Banking, which was completed in June '13. Its core client base is individual investors, small- to medium-size businesses and institutions, and high net worth families and individuals. In the second half of '14, WM reached a milestone, with its business having surpassed *** trillion in total client assets.We are seeking a Data Scientist with expertise in uncovering insights & identifying patterns and with background in Data Technologies. The position is for the role in Machine Learning and Advanced Analytics team which is part of Analytics Intelligence & Data Technology group within Wealth Management technology division. This team is comprised of members located in NY-United States and Bangalore-India. The team partners with various businesses and IT groups within firm and develops analytical solutions aimed at product opportunity mining, revenue & AUM growth and risk control.Role & ResponsibilitiesCandidate will work with the Client & Advanced Analytics team, based out of NY, working on various deliveries. This candidate will be reporting to the Local Analytics lead in NY and work in collaboration global team. Candidate will be working hands-on on analytical projects with or without big data development and be responsible for project delivery, execution and support. Candidate should be able to work in a dynamic environment with limited or no supervision. Should be comfortable and manage time working with global team on multiple initiatives. Candidate will be able to extract, explore, mine and experiment with data to answer critical business problems.Primary Skills / Must have• 5-8 years of professional experience working across Analytics & Machine Learning domain.• Proficiency in machine learning and data mining techniques – Feature engineering, regression, classification, clustering, time series analysis etc.• NLP & Text Mining Experience• Extensive experience in Data Analysis - Skilled in uncovering insights and identifying patterns.• Proven experience in predictive modelling using Python• Must have strong SQL experience• Sound understanding of Statistics.• Ability to work in fast paced and dynamic environment.• Excellent Communication and presentation skillsSecondary Skills / Desired skills• Expertise in handling large data volumes MPP databases like Teradata/Greenplum• Experience with visualization tools like Tableau, BOXi exposure will be helpful.• Experience in Finance Industry• Experience in Java, Scala or other object oriented programming languages.
