Your OpportunityAre you an Information Technology professional looking for a fast-paced, challenging and transformational environment? Smithfield Foods, one of the country’s top consumer packaged goods companies, is looking for you! Our Information Technology and Transformation (IT&T) team is searching for focused and driven candidates who are excited about communicating new ideas and delivering first-class technical solutions to meet the demands of a growing business. We foster a culture that values each individual’s creativity, our environment and the communities in which we live.Smithfield is actively recruiting a talented, motivated Data Scientist who wants to be in on the ground floor as we ramp up an advanced analytics capability to solve our most pressing business problems. The ideal candidate is adept at preparing large data sets and applying statistical, algorithmic, mining, and visualization techniques to find hidden insights. If you have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to translate those insights into business outcomes, this is the role for you. This role will also afford you the opportunity to spread your wings and exercise your creativity to help us shape the toolsets we utilize to deploy advanced analytics.Core Responsibilities Use advanced analytics methods to extract value from business data Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Perform large-scale experimentation and build data-driven models to answer business questionsThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. May perform other duties as assigned.QualificationsTo perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform the essential functions. Bachelor’s Degree from a regionally accredited four-year college or university and 5+ years of relevant experience, required. Considerable experience in solving business problems with advanced analytical solutions A proven track record of decision making and problem solving based on analytics. Conceptual thinking skills must be complemented by a strong quantitative orientation. Strong executive communication skills: Impeccable written and oral communication credentials, coupled with strategic influencing skills and the ability to drive agreement through intellect, interpersonal and negotiation skills Display an intense focus on achieving both short and long term goals. Ability to drive and execute an agenda in an uncertain and fluid environment Experience building and deploying predictive models, and scalable data pipelines Data-oriented personality Proven ability to quickly learn new applications, processes, and procedures and apply them in a fast-paced business setting Able and willing to collaborate in a team environment and exercise independent judgment and initiative Professional image with ability to form good partner relationships across functions Strategic, intellectually curious thinker with focus on outcomes Ability to influence, partner, and negotiate with business leaders to gain commitment to accomplish business goals Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under time constraints in a dynamic and complex environment Strong understanding of statistical methods and skills such as Bayesian Networks Inference, linear and non-linear regression, KNN, SVM, Random Forests Proven experience in conducting statistical analysis and building models with advanced scripting language such as Python, R, SPSS or other analytic tools Strong SQL skills Experience with Big Data technologies including HDFS, Spark, Azure Data Lake Store or similar Experience working with and extracting data from SAP systems is a plus Experience in gathering, analyzing and interpreting large datasets Ability to work well with others in fast paced, dynamic environment. Ability to be respectful, approachable and team oriented while building strong working relationships and a positive work environment.EEO/AA InformationWe are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action (EEO/AA) Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with disability, or any other protected group status or non-job related characteristic as directed by law.
