Apex Systems, the nation’s 2nd largest Information Technology staffing organization, has an opportunity for Data Scientist. The Client’s Enterprise Data Management team drives implementation of end-to-end capabilities to improve the quality and usability of enterprise data critical to improving the health, well-being, and security of Client's customers. The team provides best practices and tools to diagnose data quality issues, assess related impacts / risks, target opportunities for remediation, and monitor ongoing production data and improvements. By partnering with our stakeholders, we enable effective decision-making and continuous improvement of Client's data-driven products and services. . This is a contract for a Fortune 100 healthcare client in the Hartford, CT area. If interested, send a resume to Carolyn Vojick, Senior IT Recruiter, via cvojick@apexsystems.com. To view all jobs from Apex, and/or sign up to receive posting alerts that match your criteria, join our Talent Network via http://itcareers.apexsystemsinc.com/. Perks: Direct deposit, immediate 401k contribution, weekly pay Access to upcoming and recorded training webinars by IT thought leaders Free access to any training in the Skillsoft catalogue (after 6 months on assignment) Must Have: 2+years of experience working with statistical analysis 2+years of object-oriented programming 2+years of data mining/model building 2+years of experience in business intelligence, visualization methodologies tools ie R, python, SAS, looker, tableau, COGNOS, business objects, hue, toad etc Skills: Implement enterprise data quality rules, automated measurement / monitoring, issues management framework, operational dashboards, and predictive models for proactive data quality assessment and identification of improvement opportunities. Work with source systems and downstream data consumers to apply advanced data quality techniques, remediate issues, and implement processes to monitor data quality risks, including: Analyzing data quality results. Measuring and auditing large volumes of data for quality issues and improvements. Performing root cause analysis of data anomalies. Triaging data quality issues. Evaluating and quantifying business impact of data quality issues and making recommendations for data improvements including required process and system changes. Develop data quality policies, procedures, best practices, and related knowledge content. Collaborate with stakeholders to ensure data quality best practices are implemented across enterprise data assets. Lead efforts to communicate quality of enterprise data assets and the value realized through data improvement efforts. Orchestrate data quality work within the Agile framework for on-time delivery of data quality capabilities and results to stakeholders. Experience/Background: 5-7 years of experience managing the design, development, and continuous improvement of complex data, systems, tools, analysis, and reporting. 2+ years of experience working with statistical analysis, object-oriented programming, data mining / model building, business intelligence, and visualization methodologies / tools (e.g., using R, Python, Java, SAS, Looker, Tableau, Cognos, Business Objects, Hue, TOAD, etc.). Experience and working knowledge of data quality principles and analytics in a health care data management environment, including: Data quality management, measurement, root cause analysis, statistical process controls, and issues management. Data management concepts and operations (data quality, data governance, data standards, data modeling, data lineage, metadata management, master data management, etc.). Health care data, terminology, concepts, operations, and value chain, including: in-depth knowledge of one or more key healthcare business processes, e.g. customer installation, client setup, healthcare professional management, claim adjudication, product/benefit configuration, clinical, finance, data exchanges, etc. Client processes and systems a plus. Strong analytic, synthesizing, and problem-solving skills - Ability to translate data issues into solutions to meet multiple business needs. Leadership competencies with the ability to collaborate with others and establish working relationships, communicate effectively across the organization at different levels, think and act strategically, and influence key leaders. Education: Bachelors degree (Advanced degree preferred). Certifications or equivalent experience in informatics, data management, business process management, continuous process / quality improvement or Six Sigma preferred. EEO Employer Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
