Ref ID: 00320-9502047859Classification: Database AnalystCompensation: $90,000.00 to $110,000.00 per yearRole: Data Scientist Employment Type: Full Time Salary: $90,000-$110,000 Benefits: M/D/V 100%, Unlimited PTO, Flex Hours We are looking for a Data Scientist that possesses the technical ability and the communication skills to implement data science methods for a diverse set of client needs, uncover insights, and relate them concisely and clearly to stakeholders at varying levels of technical sophistication. The role also requires conscientious attention to detail, an ability to work well on a small team, and a self-starter approach to debugging and problem solving. Top Requirements: Python SQL R (if no python) Engineering background or experience or CS degree **For immediate and confidential consideration please email your resume to Sam Figliulo at sam.figliulo@rht.com** Job Requirements Responsibilities Design, develop, and program methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse big data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement. Help to define and execute data science solutions that address client use cases and business requirements. Work with product managers and other engineers to devise the appropriate metrics amp; measurements to support product features or functionality. Communicate and coordinate effectively with product managers, software engineers, and customer-facing teams. Construct forecasts, recommendations and strategic/tactical plans based on business data and market knowledge. Assist with ad-hoc analytics in support of monthly board meetings. Extract and transform data in a reliable and repeatable manner. Qualifications Master's degree in Computer Science, statistics or related field. Solid foundation in statistics such as regression, correlation, statistical tests, etc. Solid background in data analytics. Knowledge of SQL and experience with database design and administration. Must have strong communication and time management skills. **For immediate and confidential consideration please email your resume to Sam Figliulo at sam.figliulo@rht.com**Technology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
