We’re a rapidly-growing start-up in the heart of Sawtelle Japantown, just blocks away from the 405 and the 10. Our loft-style office houses a passionate, hard-working team of ramen-slurpers, beach-combers, and LA-daydreamers. At our core, we’re a tech company, yes, but our people make the magic happen.

We are looking for a highly talented and creative Data Scientist who is comfortable in an agile environment, excited to work with collaborative teams in delivering actionable data insights for our clients.

At Bridg, you will be solving complex problems with a business that celebrates innovation and values your contributions. We want you to wake up each day excited to use cutting edge tools/technologies and big data analytics practices.

Duties and Responsibilities

Developing data science models using complex querying against various internal databases. (Clustering, Classification, ML Algorithms)

Work with Client Success and Data teams to solve complex client challenges using data science models

Analyze internal and external data through quantitative research.

Deliver findings to company through standard and ad hoc reports.

Promote best practices in data analysis and reporting.

Execution of analytical and operational special projects, as they arise.

Research and develop innovative solutions to complex problems using new technologies such as AI or Machine Learning

Required Background and Skills

BS and/or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Statistics or Mathematics

4+ Years previous experience in data science, business intelligence/analytics, or other related field.

Advanced experience with SQL, Python, and/or R programming languages, A MUST.

Big database environment experience (AWS, Hive, etc)

Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills.

Strong attention to detail and clear and effective communication.

The Bridg platform gives restaurant and retail chains the same level of customer insight (and revenue growth) as data-savvy online retailers like Amazon, leveraging hundreds of millions of data points.

Hungry for more? Snag a freshly-ground espresso and a ripe kiwi from our fully stocked snack-area; mosey over to one of our many rotating food trucks – we like the Jamaican truck, personally; or stroll up Sawtelle for a sit-down feast (yes, there’s something for everyone’s belly out here).

We work hard, so we can play hard: personal and professional growth opportunities are punctuated with monthly team activities, like bowling alleys, dive bars, and catered lunches.

And, yes, there just might be a rooftop holiday party. Not to mention robust health, dental, vision, and vacation benefits.

About Bridg:

Bridg is a marketing software company that provides a CRM solution, email and SMS marketing, insights and analytics, mobile app and loyalty program development for restaurants and retailers. Powered by transaction data, Bridg builds unique 360º customer profiles to understand individualized behavior patterns, providing clients with deep data science used to create wide-reaching, effective personalized marketing campaigns that drive traffic and sales in a measurable way.

Our headquarters is located in West LA / Santa Monica, and we offer competitive salaries, great benefits, and a high-energy environment with lots of room for personal and professional growth.
