Sr. Data Scientist We’re the obstacle overcomers, the problem get-arounders. From figuring it out to getting it done… our innovative culture demands “yes and how!” We are UPS. We are the United Problem Solvers. About Information Management at UPS Technology:Our Information Management teams are responsible for designing and supporting data solutions to meet UPS’s rapidly changing business needs. Our team is comprised of individuals who are experts in data management, compliance and governance. We ensure quality, completeness, availability, protection, understanding and effective use of our data assets. Our ability to organize and design the wealth of data we receive each day provides the foundation which enables many of UPS’ core processes. About this role: The Senior Data Scientist will leverage advanced analytics to solve some of the most interesting business problems across the UPS enterprise. As a key member of a growing global team, you will operate in a fast-paced environment and take on multiple roles. You will have access to large volumes of structured and unstructured data as well as the ability to allocate vast computing resources, including GPU’s, to speed up your work. You will employ tools and applications that can fast-track manual steps such as ETL, data exploration, etc. You will have the opportunity to research and experiment with innovative new techniques in machine learning, statistics, and operations research. You will have the freedom to attend conferences and training sessions, as well as collaborate with partner universities, to further your skillset. This role requires the ability to balance between hands-on work and delegating to others. Although there’s a strong technical focus, you must be comfortable taking on non-technical assignments such as project management. You will serve as an individual contributor or as a lead depending on assignment. Responsibilities: Provides expertise on computational, quantitative, and algorithmic techniques applicable to data science Performs data wrangling, ETL, and data exploration tasks Builds predictive and prescriptive models, algorithms, and simulations Mentors junior-level data scientists Collaborates with cross-functional teams of data scientists, data engineers, application developers, etc. to deliver measurable outcomes Identifies and champion new initiatives aimed at delivering value to business stakeholders With guidance, oversees the entire lifecycle of projects, including: scoping, design, modeling, validation, deployment Manages multiple work streams while proactively responding to competing demands Evaluates open-source and vendor-based tools, applications, platforms, frameworks and programming languages Minimum Qualifications: Master's degree in statistics, operations research, computer science, physics or related discipline 4+ years of industry experience applying machine learning, statistical modeling, or optimization algorithms to large data sets Consistent track record of contribution to large-scale data science projects Advanced knowledge of R or Python Knowledge of the following: Generalized Linear and Non-Linear Models, Time Series Analysis, Random Forest, Gradient Boosted Machines, Neural Networks, Unsupervised Methods (Dimensionality Reduction, Clustering, etc.) Extensive experience querying relational data systems for ETL and data integration tasks Strong communications skills with ability to present to technical and business audiences Preferred Qualifications: PhD degree Knowledge of any of the following: Natural Language Processing & Text Mining, Experimental Design, Computer Vision & Image Processing, Bayesian Networks, Reinforcement Learning, Collaborative Filtering, Network/Graph Mining, Combinatorial Optimization, Linear & Mixed-Integer Programming, Discrete-Event & Stochastic Simulation Experience using Spark/Hadoop systems for distributed analytics and data processing Knowledge of: H2O.ai, TensorFlow, SAS Proficiency in scaling and operationalizing data science models in production settings Experience working in a cloud-computing environment such as AWS, Azure, GCP, etc Prior exposure to the transportation or logistics industry This position offers an exceptional opportunity to work for a Fortune 50 industry leader. If you are selected, you will join our dynamic technology team in making a difference to our business and customers. Do you think you have what it takes? Prove it! At UPS, ambition knows no time zone.UPS is an equal opportunity employer. UPS does not discriminate on the basis of race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/age/sexual orientation/gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law
