Ref ID: 04604-9502051944Classification: Account Executive/Staffing ManagerCompensation: DOEData Scientist Downtown Nashville 12+ month contract The ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of SAS experience, proficiency with predictive analytics, architecting solutions, machine learning and AI. The Data Scientist will present consultative strategy, collaborate with cross-functional team, lead a team of about 15 and have excellent presentation skills. JOB SUMMARY ? Role of the data scientist is to use mathematics, programming and visualization to discover, in partnership with the business, opportunities and insights arising from data systems. ? This role is firmly customer facing, with an expectation of constant contact, communication and iteration with both clinical and business customers to define questions, explore solutions and present results. As such the data scientist must be comfortable and capable of clearly communicating the nature and results of complex analytics to non-technical users in written, spoken and visual means. ? On the technical front the data scientist must be comfortable with 'data wrangling'. That is, the ability to identify, and extract raw data from primary transactions systems such as databases. Thereafter they must possess basic skills in programming to manage, transform and integrate with other datasets, in preparation for analytics. Typically this is performed in scripting languages such as Python. The analytic skills required are based principally in machine learning and statistics. ? The data scientist must have a working knowledge of regression and classification techniques such as logistic regression, boosting, SVM and neural networks. Moreover, the data scientist must understand the scientific process of hypothesis generation and testing, in particular data oriented discovery methodologies such as cross validation. Typically, these functions are performed in a mathematical environment such as Python, R, MATLAB or SAS, proficiency with which is assumed. ? Master?s Degree is required, PhD preferred Job Requirements GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES ? 30 % Answer business problems and questions by using appropriate statistical techniques on available data. Analyze and interpret the results of statistical analysis and computation ? 10% Communicate findings to business owners and IT managers 25% Develop models in using Statistical and Mathematical tools (Python, Scala, R etc) ? 15% Assist in the mentoring and coaching of team members. ? Other duties as assigned Please send an updated resume to nicole.vrabel@rht.com The hiring manager is actively reviewing resumes and scheduling interviews!Technology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
