General Summary The Data Scientist will be a mission critical element of the newly formed Data Innovation and Analytics Lab (DIAL). DIAL is a lean, agile, multidisciplinary team at the vanguard of our organization’s efforts to facilitate and advance our data-driven culture to the next level with bleeding edge, actionable strategies. Our work connects clinical, financial, and operations information to proactive efforts toward continuous improvement throughout our system of care. We interface directly with C- and VP-level project sponsors as change agents to disrupt and create the new normal of precision healthcare empowering our patients to advance human ability. The ideal candidate loves data, demonstrates a growth mindset with continuous learning, possesses an interest in the intersection of healthcare and technology, and communicates complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences. The data scientist is responsible for building analytical processes and models and oversees data science projects independently, including monitoring progress and proactively identifying barriers. You will execute data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights. The Data Scientist will consistently demonstrate support of the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab statement of Vision, Mission and Core Values by striving for excellence, contributing to the team efforts and showing respect and compassion for patients and their families, fellow employees, and all others with whom there is contact at or in the interest of the institute. The Data Scientist will demonstrate Shirley Ryan AbilityLab Core Attributes: Communication, Accountability, Flexibility/Adaptability, Judgment/Problem Solving, Customer Service and Core Values (Hope, Compassion, Discovery, Collaboration, & Commitment to Excellence) while fulfilling job duties. Principal Responsibilities The Data Scientist will: Employ advanced analytical techniques to create and drive adoption of data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers. Create analytical processes for automated machine driven decision making where human decision making is not scalable or feasible. Work with internal stakeholders to develop advanced analyses that help them solve challenging business problems Select features, build and optimize classifiers using machine learning techniques Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Process, clean, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis Conduct ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clean, clear and actionable manner Perform statistical modeling and hypothesis testing Design, train, and validate results from a breadth of machine learning algorithms Write clean, efficient, well-documented code Integrate with various RDBMS (e.g., Postgres, MySQL) Deploy applications into cloud-based infrastructures (e.g., AWS) Build deep neural networks with modern tools, such as PyTorch or Tensorflow Build, test, and deploy computer vision based solutions Build, test, and deploy reinforcement learning based solutions Create and interact with RESTful APIs Collaborate via Git, Slack, and other collaboration software Performs other duties that may be assigned in the best interest of the Shirley Ryan AbilityLab. Reporting Relationships Reports directly to the Chief Data Officer as part of the Data Innovation and Analytics Lab (DIAL). Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required Master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Data Science, Engineering or related field Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra Previous exposure to ETL, data model design, and data warehouse concepts Expertise in translating strategic questions into tactical work plans and outputs Experience working with large, complex data sets, normalizing and building training sets and models Using advanced machine learning techniques to combine and compare large data sets Ability to install and configure tools needed for analysis of large data sets Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Python, Weka, Anaconda, etc. Experience with text mining and Natural Language Processing algorithms Ability to present results of analysis to differing audiences within healthcare on both the financial and clinical side (CFO, CEO, CMIO, Physicians, etc.) Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, ggplot2, etc. Experience with business intelligence tools such as Power BI, Tableau, Knowi Strong applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, time-series analysis, etc. Strong scripting and programming skills Experience with cloud environments Able to use professional concepts and apply company policies/procedures to work on problems/issues of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors. Understanding of the challenges of large scale cloud deployment of products developed from data science techniques Working Conditions Normal office environment with little or no exposure to dust or extreme temperature. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. SRAlab is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Job Requirements To apply for this position, please click "APPLY NOW" and you will be sent to our online application.We ask you to please take a few minutes to fill out the application.We look forward to speaking with you soon.
