Description

Job Description:


The Defense Group of Leidos has an opening for a Data Scientist supporting the Global Information Grid (GIG) Service Management-Operations (GSM-O) contract at Ft. Meade, MD.

In this role, you will enable Command and Control (C2) of the Department of Defense Information Network (DODIN) by supporting the DISA Command Network in its application of big-data to realize the benefits of aggregation and correlation of historic and actualized data.

This agency provides, operates, and assures command and control and information-sharing capabilities and a globally accessible enterprise information infrastructure in direct support to joint warfighters, national level leaders, and other mission and coalition partners across the full spectrum of military operations.

Primary Responsibilities

You will provide professional analyzing and assembly of data generated through the CN. This analysis and assembly should employ scientific methods, processes, algorithms and systems to extract knowledge and insights from both structured and unstructured data from multiple disconnected sources. Examples of the types of tasks to be performed as part of this analysis are below, this list may not be all inclusive:
Build predictive models and perform predictive analytics
Design experiments to solve sophisticated problems with code
Develop machine learning algorithms
Develop visualization strategies and capabilities to support mission and business objectives
Formulate and answer open-ended questions based on mission and business problem sets to glean insights
Interpret large and complex datasets and define appropriate applications to derive required outcomes
Perform data analysis
Perform unification of statistics
Working in a team-based agile work environment
Basic Qualifications
Active TS/SCI security clearance
Masters Degree in a related discipline and 15 years of overall related experience.
Experience developing environments that utilize Elastic Stack (ELK stack) technology.
Experience working with and exploiting big data; distributed computing; predictive modelling; mathematics; statistics; machine learning; story-telling; and visualization
Ability to extract meaning from and interpret data using a variety of tools and methods from statistics and machine learning
Strong working knowledge of the various Microsoft technologies, particularly SharePoint
Good oral and written communication skills
Strong interpersonal, organizational and problem solving skills
Preferred Qualifications
Active data scientist/ analytics or equivalent certification from IBM, Microsoft, Cloudera, Hortonworks, SAS, etc.
Knowledge of the DoD architecture and associated management systems
ITIL V3
Experience briefing Senior Leaders
External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Data Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
