At HomeAdvisor we create the digital tools and services that empower millions of service professionals to connect with hundreds of millions of homeowners. We are a dual sided marketplace that nurtures growth of the independent small business and delivers a seamless experience in home improvement. As #1 in the Homeservices category, our tremendous scale is the launchpad to boundless inventions in technology and product! HomeAdvisor is the self-contained operating business of ANGI Homeservices (NASDAQ: ANGI), a federation of spirited technology companies that build for a better economy. In 2017, Angie’s List and HomeAdvisor combined to create the world’s largest Homeservices marketplace. We love the software that we invent, the millions of service professionals whom we empower and the hundreds of millions of homeowners whose lives we beautify. As a purposeful technology company, we foster a culture of collaboration, and nurture growth through innovation. We are proud to be recognized as a Top Workplace in Denver for 6 years and counting! Description: HomeAdvisor is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Applied Data Science team. This is a unique opportunity for someone with a strong background in statistics, programming, and mathematics who is interested in solving real business problems for Colorado’s largest consumer-facing internet company. Our Applied Data Science team is currently tackling challenges such as homeowner-contractor matching, forecasting of key business metrics, and streaming predictions for optimizing consumer experience. This role will give you the opportunity to use state-of-the-art machine learning techniques and open-source big data processing tools. The ideal candidate will possess superior data analytics skills and has a history of devising creative solutions to difficult problems. As a Data Scientist, you will be responsible for communicating your findings to business stakeholders, so communication and visualization skills are essential. Experience and Skills: Required: 2+ years of experience performing quantitative analysis, predictive analytics, mathematical modeling, and/or machine learning Master’s or PhD in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or similar quantitative field Bachelor’s plus equivalent work experience is also acceptable Proficient in R and/or Python Experience working with SQL Deep knowledge of machine learning and data mining algorithms Demonstrate creative problem solving skills to inform decisions, improve outcomes, and deliver transformation through data Strongly Preferred: Experience with Spark, Hadoop, and non-relational data stores Knowledge of Linux and Git commands Knowledge of advanced methods such as Monte Carlo techniques, Bayesian inference, NLP, deep learning, reinforcement learning, time-series modeling Bonus Points: Experience building models ML frameworks like H2O and Tensorflow If you’re excited about joining a collaborative, high-impact team, send us your resume to start the conversation. If you have questions prior to applying, please join us for one of our weekly chats with the Recruiting team – this is not an interview, but a chance for you to learn more about our business. Visit http://www.abouthomeadvisor.com/talk-to-us to register
