Overview As a member of the corporate team, you’ll focus on enhancing the relationship with our clients as we provide outstanding business solution services. Within departments like Accounting & Finance, Human Resources, and Engineering, Conduent is actively staffing all teams with roles like Recovery Analyst, Client Services Specialist, and Senior Management Consultant. At Conduent, we give our employees the opportunity to further develop their career skills with the intention of growing them into leaders within the organization. Full Time Experienced Professional Development Opportunities Success Profile What will make you successful at Conduent? Check out the traits we’re looking for and see if you have the right mix. Adaptable 9 Detail-Oriented 9 Multi-Tasker 8 Strategic 10 Expressive Presenter 6 Conceptual 4 Traits are on a scale of 1 to 10 Addtional Traits Insightful Organized Consistent Efficient Focused Logical Responsible Versatile Rewards Healthcare Conduent is proud to offer comprehensive and competitive benefits that reflect the value of our employees. Benefits will differ by country, please contact your recruiter for details specific to your location. Balance Maintaining a work/life balance is the key to success. Collaboration Department learning opportunities and company-wide digital knowledge share. Compensation Competitive salaries. Family Support Additional resources to support employees with families. Professional Development Conduent offers programs to help advance the careers of our employees. Responsibilities DescriptionConduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve. We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world. Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning - Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more at www.conduent.com.Data Scientist IIIBusiness Process Improvement Professional - Advanced Analytics - Data Scientists Key ResponsibilitiesDesign, deploy and maintain statistical, predictive and data mining models to translate data into meaningful insights and recommendations across our financial, operational and strategic business functionalities.Produce dynamic data driven analytic and predictive solutions to support the strategic goals of the company.Implement advanced data visualizations to answer key business questions by using quantitative and qualitative techniques on our various data sources related with labor, finance, supplier and clients.Interface with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, tailor the delivery and communicate the results to business unites to drive key business decisions.Drive the collection of new data sources and the refinement of existing data source.Basic QualificationsBachelor or Master’s degree in computer science, statistics, business analytics.3+ years statistical analysis techniques and concepts, such as regression, probability, hypothesis test, A/B test and factor analysis.3+ years machine learning algorithms (supervised and unsupervised).3+ years working with data science toolkits in Python (preferred) and R (a combination of industry and academic experience is acceptable).Familiar with connecting different types of datasets in various forms and can handle potentially incomplete data sources.Ability to communicate with multiple stakeholders to summarize complex results into digestible analysis.Comfortable with a fast-paced working environment.Great learning skills and curiosity.Preferred QualificationsProficiency in statistical packages and standard libraries in Python (numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels, etc.) and R (plyr, forecast, car, Comparison, ggplot2, etc.).Familiar with Hadoop, Spark or other big data platforms.Familiar with predictive modeling and simulation techniques.Familiar with cloud-based machine learning platforms such as Azure ML or Spark MLlib etc.Familiar with data visualization and exploration tools, such as Tableau and Power BIExperience with building and deploying machine learning models on Microsoft Azure.Experience with Databricks EnvironmentExperience with writing SQL queries on structured and unstructured data sets.Exposure to corporate finance, sales, operations or IT data.Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the 'Submit' button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form.
