DATA SCIENTIST One of The Select Groups' most innovative clients is looking for Mid to Senior level Data Scientists who have in depth experience in Python or R, and PI data to join their team. This team is located in Charlotte, NC and is continually expanding! Must be able to work on a W2 basis without sponsorship to be considered. DATA SCIENTIST REQUIREMENTS:2+ years of experience in a Data Science roleExperience working with various Python libraries (NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, Scikit-learn)Experience working with machine learning algorithamsKnowledge or experience in Tensorflow or KerasExperience in an Agile environmentStrong SQL skillsPLUS SKILLS:Experience with AWS or Azure Knowledge of IoT protocols: INB3 Knowledge of PI data Experience with MATLAB DATA SCIENTIST RESPONSIBILITIES: This Data Scientist will join the Digital Renewables team that will support initiatives around Solar, Wind and Batteries. The goal is to understand how they can use data science models to tell the batteries on solar panels when to deploy and when to stay charged throughout the day. Overall, they are looking to build a control system for the solar batteries and use artificial intelligence to figure out what time of day it's being charged, when to deploy, how much power to deploy, etc. using data science models and algorithms utilizing PI data and python. About The Select Group:We are TSG - a fast-growing technical services firm serving the U.S. and Canada. We open doors to diversified prospective employers who respect and value your ambitions, your pursuit of a meaningful career, and your particular skill-set. We offer interview guidance, an impressive referral program, and partner with you to find work that drives you. Learn more about us in our company overview video, or visit us at http://www.selectgroup.com. Sign up to receive weekly job alerts in your inbox by joining the TSG Talent Network.We have the privilege of impacting lives, so let us impact yours.The Select Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
