Answer Financial, an Allstate company, is one of the largest online auto & home insurance agencies in the U.S., with sales centers in Encino, CA, Knoxville, TN, and Ogden, UT. Answer Financial insures over 2.4 million vehicles and homes and provides insurance shoppers in all 50 states the ability to compare insurance offerings from some of the more than 20 top-rated insurers that Answer Financial represents. Answer Financial is driven by innovation and technology, and focused on delivering great value to thousands of customers every day. Answer Financial pioneered real-time online insurance quotes comparison, and continues to aggressively innovate and expand into new technologies and exciting product offerings to better serve our customers. Answer Financial offers a fast-paced, high energy work environment, dedicated to challenging its associates with varied responsibilities and the opportunity to learn new skills.

The Data Scientist is responsible for leading the use of data to make decisions. This includes the development and management of new machine learning predictive modeling algorithms; the development of tools that use machine learning/predictive modeling to make business decisions; searching for and integrating new data (both internal and external) that improves our modeling and machine learning results (and ultimately our decisions); and discovery of solutions to business problems that can be solved through the use of machine learning/predictive modeling.

Essential Job Duties/Responsibilities:

Uses best practices to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs.

Works on data and business problems to drive improved business results through designing, building, and partnering to implement models.

Understands the business’ problems to identify the optimal modeling approach.

Utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down moderately complex projects into tasks and ensure deadlines are kept.

Manages data and data requests to improve the accuracy of our data and decisions made from data analysis.

Works on data and business problems to drive improved business results through designing, building, and partnering to implement models.

Utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down moderately complex projects into tasks and ensure deadlines are kept.

Qualifications

Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets.

Experience in working with statistical software such as R, CART, SAS, SPSS, MatLab, etc.

Ability to code and develop prototypes in languages such as Python, Java, C.

Knowledge of advanced modeling technique.

Ability to analyze and interpret moderate to complex concepts.

Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise.

Demonstrated analytic agility.

Experience/Education

Master’s or PhD preferred in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, computer science, finance, or economics.

High school Diploma or GED Equivalent required.

We offer you a competitive salary, comprehensive benefit package with day one health benefits, company matched 401(k), generous paid time off, and much more.

Answer Financial is an equal opportunity employer.
