DivIHN (pronounced Divine) is a nationally-recognized Business Technology Solutions and Staffing services provider headquartered in Chicago. Since our formation in 2002, we have been trusted by Fortune 500 organizations to help them locate and hire best-in-class talent through our Award-winning Professional Workforce Solutions program. Check out our careers page to see all of our job openings: http://divihn.com/careers/find-a-job/ One of our BEST F500 customers has engaged us to help them hire a Data Analyst / Data Scientist to be available to work out of their office in Deerfield, Illinois; details can be found below. 05/20/2019 to 11/19/2019 Please apply or call one of us to learn more Top Skills: 3 to 5 Years of Experience Tactical Exposure to Data Analytics (experience looking at 50k to 100k rows) Excel (pivot tables, v-lookups, cross-referencing, etc.) is mandatory PowerPoint is mandatory, to prepare plenty of decks Advanced Proficiency in MS Suite This role is heavily into data analytics, so looking for someone who can connect data, check efficiencies, etc. One of these tools is highly beneficial Tableau, Qlikview, Microsoft Power BI Initial duration: 6 Months. There is a possibility for extension. Description The Business Transformation Office (BTO) is leading a number of Company-wide initiatives aligned to three goals; transform how we spend our money, transform the way we work and transform how we are structured. The BTO is also driving the Culture Transformation needed to reach those goals. Position Description The Enterprise Analytics program within BTO is seeking to establish a team of individuals who can help to respond to requests for data analytics and innovative savings ideas. The Business Analyst will support the Enterprise Analytics team in required data analytics and data integration in support of analyses and creation of profit improvement and cost savings models. This includes hands on work on analyses / data as well as close collaboration with team members. Specific areas of responsibilities include: 1. Develop and consistently improve reporting for select areas of spend for a variety of stakeholders. 2. Support senior leaders with deep dive analysis of spend across the global platform. 3. Partner cross-functionally with Global Purchasing, HR and other business partners to help identify potential areas of opportunity and savings. 4. Prepare general month-end reports for PandL owners and various senior leaders. 5. Perform special projects with heavy analysis and provide recommendations. 6. Assist with annual Planning process to identify category targets at the PandL level. 7. Dive into detail of functional datasets (e.g. HR, finance, sales) from various IT systems to understand linkages to key analyses helping to enable reproducibility of analyses in the future 8. In a hands on fashion, works to establish connection points and reconciliation needs between functional datasets as needed 9. Conducts analyses in excel and in business analytics software, such as Tableau Qualifications Bachelor's with equivalent plus 3-5 years' industry experience Self-starter with strong analytical skills, including mining big data Displaying a curious and investigative mind towards data and analysis and storytelling Demonstrated competencies in data analytics Must be able to demonstrate Master level excel skills including use of Pivot Tables, Vlookups, multivariable cross-referencing Strong PowerPoint skills Designing interactive visual interfaces and dashboards (Tableau, Qlikview, Microsoft Power BI) Proven success partnering with cross functional team members in a matrix organization About us: DivIHN, the 'IT Asset Performance Services' organization, provides Professional Consulting, Custom Projects, and Professional Resource Augmentation services to clients in the Mid-West and beyond. The strategic characteristics of the organization are Standardization, Specialization, and Collaboration. DivIHN is an equal opportunity employer. DivIHN does not and shall not discriminate against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status. Job Requirements J2ee, Excel, Data analysis, PowerPoint, Tableau, MS Office, Data Scientist, v-lookups, pivot tables, QlikView, data analytics, Power BI
