Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Arlington, VA

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company that helps clients transform bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes. We serve every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Our 9,000 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with clients at the heart of the nation's priorities in defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and health to make a difference for the people they employ, serve, and protect.

Our Advanced Analytics group is all about focusing on our client’s mission. In this role, you will work as a Data Scientist and problem solver. You will implement and promote data-driven decision support systems and create high-impact analytics solutions for our clients. You will be a part of a small team where you will switch assignments and projects in a disciplined and fast-paced environment.

Key Responsibilities:

Be innovative and entrepreneurial to work within a "start-up like" environment.

Be an advisor to the data science team and provide expertise and direction on complex analytical modeling problems

Work with cross-functional teams to help them implement solutions

Research methods to improve statistical inferences of variables across models

Solve quantitative problems

Consult on industry standard solutions as well as new innovative techniques

Basic Qualifications:

Master's Degree

5 years of experience working with one or more of the following: machine learning, artificial intelligence and or neural networks

3 years of experience with statistical modeling and or mathematics

3 years of experience in advanced analytics techniques

Have a signature achievement in data science

US Citizenship

Preferred Skills and Qualifications:

Understanding of Professional Services or System Integration organizations

Ability to comprehend, synthesize, and report on data and metrics

Experience creating and presenting executive level briefings

Experience preparing business development and account plans

Experience managing opportunity pipelines

An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
