At American Family Insurance, we’re driven by our customers and employees. That’s why we provide more than just a job – we provide opportunity. Whether you’re already part of our team in search of a new challenge or new to our company and ready for what’s next, you’re in the right place. Every dream is a journey that starts with a single step. Start your journey right here. Join our team. Bring your dreams.

Quick Stats:

Job ID:

R12819 Data Scientist (Evergreen) (Open)

Summary:

Depending on qualifications can be hired at different levels. We have multiple positions available. Candidates can work in the Chicago, IL or Madison, WI offices.

Develops, analyzes and models operational, economic, management, accounting and other organizational data to quantify the competitive performance of business segments, evaluate potential operational changes, and design new approaches and methodologies. Analyzes organizational data to recommend solutions to new and complex problems, develops innovative strategies, quantifies the competitive performance of the organization's operations and/or markets; models and evaluates the potential impact of changes. Applies and integrates statistical, mathematical, predictive modeling and business analysis skills to manage and manipulate complex high volume data from a variety of sources.

Responsibilities:

Education/Licenses/Designations

Preferred: Master's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Sciences or Engineering, or related field; PhD strongly preferred

Specialized Knowledge and Skills Requirements

Demonstrated experience providing customer-driven solutions, support or service.

Ability to work as part of a team and to communicate effectively.

Proficiency in programming languages suitable for database access, scripting, statistical analysis, and system development. Understanding of software development best practices including source control, coding standards and testing frameworks.

Demonstrated experience communicating complex findings in a clear and concise manor to divisional management.

Demonstrated experience developing and managing complex projects.

Experience shaping the strategy for projects to deliver maximum business value

Demonstrated experience formulating, approaching, and solving complex analytical problems using a quantitative, scientific approach.

Demonstrated experience working with large, complex datasets using big data technologies and script.

Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of managing data to scale using data summarization, query, and analysis software and tools.

Travel Requirements

This position requires travel up to 10% of the time

Additional Job Information:

Additional Job Description

Offer to selected candidate will be made contingent on the results of applicable background checks.

Offer to selected candidate is contingent on signing a non-disclosure agreement for proprietary information, trade secrets, and inventions.

Relocation assistance is available.

Job Description:

Primary Accountabilities

Creates business application and modeling framework, for new datasets, and discovers insights and relationships from large/complex datasets through investigative research using advanced mathematical and/or statistical techniques.

Explores data using a variety of advanced statistical techniques to proactively identify relationships, create insights and answer business questions or guide future model development.

Build the hypothesis, identify research data attributes and determine best approach to address business issues.

Combines business acumen with mathematical capabilities to build complex predictive models to support business objectives.

Builds complex programs for running mathematical or statistical tests on data and for understanding complex relationships across attributes.

Incorporates findings and provides industry and competitor insights as part of model development and enhancement.

Researches and maintains awareness of industry best practices and business strategies.

Brings new and innovative ideas and approaches to develop business solutions.

Monitors industry and competitor trends to determine potential impact to predictive models.

Incorporates findings and provides industry and competitor insights as part of model development and enhancement.

Identifies, leverages and develops expertise in emerging technologies, open source tools, and harnesses new techniques (e.g., machine learning).

Networks with and contributes thought leadership to the broader external analytics community. Builds awareness of leading techniques, tools, and data resources.

Assists with complex research or analytics projects related to large, complex business initiatives.

Interacts with company senior leadership to inform on industry trends and emerging research topics. Serves as internal expert for new areas of analytics exploration.

Stay connected: Join our Talent Community!

LI:DB1
