Are you interested in working for one of the most exciting teams in Microsoft? A team relentlessly focused on customer needs, market expansion and advancing Microsoft Cloud first strategy? Interested in a start-up like environment, passionate about Cloud Computing technology and driving growth in one of Microsoft’s core businesses? Then look no further than the Azure Global Team!

Azure is the fastest-growing business in Microsoft’s history and is the foundation of Microsoft’s commercial Cloud Services. Azure differentiates itself as the only hyper-scale, enterprise-grade Cloud that has a true hybrid story. Customers and analysts recognize Azure’s tremendous momentum which continues month over month. To help customers achieve their goals, Azure continues to build the largest global footprint of any Cloud provider.

We are seeking senior level data scientists and economists to join the Azure Global team which at the center of enabling and driving Microsoft’s “... Cloud First ...” mission, and responsible for the server and datacenter infrastructure underlying some of the largest online services around the world. In the Business Strategy Science team, we apply cutting edge data scientific and statistical tools to create customer and market forecasting intelligence, rooted in economic principles and big data analytics, to produce ROI based capacity investment strategies in the cloud.

Responsibilities

The role would place you at the forefront of solving new strategic Azure growth challenges through generation of customer data analytics and development of original modeling approaches to enable data driven decisions for billion-dollar problems. Successful candidates should drive their own agenda as well as work with the broader team.

Potential topic areas include cloud industry forecasting, customer demand estimation, supply chain inventory optimization, and pricing.

Qualifications

Required qualifications:

Education- PhD in Finance, Economics, Statistics, computer science or related field

Experience - 3+ years experience in applying data science methods to high impact business problems.

5+ years expressing mathematical and statistical models and visualizing data in R/Python, as well as interfacing with modern database systems.

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
