Clasen Quality Chocolate (CQC) is a world-class manufacturer of chocolate and confectionery coatings. CQC maintains a professional, supportive work environment where teamwork is the key to our success. Working for a privately-held company provides you with the opportunity to wear many different “hats,” make a difference every day, and have fun doing it! We are committed to being an Employer of Choice in Southern Wisconsin and offering our employees a variety of traditional and unconventional benefits.

We are currently accepting applications for a Data Scientist in our Corporate Office on the East side of Madison, WI, ranked the “Best Place to Live 2015 ” by Livability.com.

JOB SUMMARY: The primary purpose of the Data Scientist is to support our business partners with insights gained from analyzing company data. The Data Scientist is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. She/he will utilize a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. This role will drive business results with data-based insights, working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The Data Scientist has a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

This position is key to the company’s success and continued growth. Due to the company’s continued year over year growth in a competitive manufacturing environment, the technology department is constantly looking for new technologies and solutions. The company operates 24/7 in multiple locations with continual expansion. Some of the supported systems are: Microsoft (NAV [ERP], SharePoint, O365, D365 [CRM]), Document Imaging, Plant Control Interface Systems, Data Warehousing/Business Intelligence (Microsoft SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, PowerBI) and several other systems.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.

Collaborate with operational and engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions.

Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of operational processes, products and business strategies.

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Research statistical learning models for data analysis.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize business outcomes.

Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality.

Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Work with cross departmental team to define metrics/key performance indicators, guidelines and strategies for effective use of algorithms and data.

Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources.

Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends.

Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers.

Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design.

Occasionally travel to our plants to complete essential project tasks of gathering requirements or learning business processes.

Perform all tasks assigned by the supervisor, while following all company, safety, and quality policies and procedures.

Maintain regular attendance at work.

QUALIFICATIONS

EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE:

Minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree (Master’s Degree is a plus) in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field.

7+ years’ practical experience with analytics tools, ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics.

Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis.

Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation.

Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills.

Experience with programming languages such as VB or C# an asset.

5 or more years of TSQL, PL/SQL or other procedural SQL experience, SQL Server and TSQL preferred.

Extensive report writing experience, Microsoft SSRS and PowerBI preferred.

Experience with Manufacturing technologies (Microsoft Dynamics NAV) is desired.

Must have a valid driver’s license

SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Work near allergens, such as peanut, tree nuts, dairy, and soy.

Strong analytical and problem-solving ability

Customer-focused with great interpersonal skills

Good leadership skills

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Technical aptitude

Ability to search for and implement innovative solutions

Business acumen

Good judgment and decision-making ability

Customer focused

BENEFITS:

Medical, Dental, Vision and Disability Insurance

Paid Vacation, Personal, and Volunteer Days

401(k) Employer Match

Bonus Potential

Free fruit, gym membership reimbursement, tuition reimbursement and more…

CQC is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability, protected veteran status, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.

For more information, please visit our website at www.CQC.com
