Job Description:

The Health and Safety Solutions Operation of Leidos is seeking a Data Scientist in Bethesda, MD

Responsibilities:-

Provide artificial intelligence and data analytics support to NIH Assisted Referral Tool (ART)

Develop a systemic classification system to characterize the science reviewed in NIH SRGs and SEPs

Provide continued development of a platform that supports continuous evolution for increased accuracy and robustness of the recommendation.

Develop and Standardized SQL scripts

Develop a robust data validation methodology

Curated dataset for analyses and upgrade

Establish deviation standard and upgrade the scripts for accuracy

Analyze variance and upgrade the software

Required Educational Qualifications:

B.S. in computer science or equivalent. Master's degree in Bioinformatics or data science preferred.

Minimum 7 years of relevant experience.

Required Qualifications:-

Experience with programming languages such as R, Python, Pearl, C++

Demonstrated experience in handling large data sets, performing predictive analytics such as machine learning and data mining.

Experience with the application of bioinformatics and statistical tools and the analysis

Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations for business and analytic decisions.

Experience with handling large data sets, generate predictive regression models (logistic and multivariate) and apply machine learning algorithm such as random forest, elastic net.

Experience with developing machine learning algorithms for object detection and recognition, large-scale indexing and retrieval and multimedia understanding

Excellent presentation and communication skills; Demonstrated ability to clearly explain technical issues to technical and non-technical customers

Experience with Cloud computing environments such as AWS, Azure.

Experience with various bioinformatics databases and tools.

Desired Qualifications:

Previous experience working with NIH

Strong knowledge of NIH grants management processes and systems

Knowledge of NIH peer review process
