We’re looking for a Data Science lead that relishes understanding the latest advanced analytics and machine learning then converting those technologies into effective solutions that help to measurably build a client’s business. We are looking for someone who’s eager to roll up their sleeves with clients then take ideas and run with them.

The Data Science & AI group at PA Consulting is your dream community. As part of the fastest growing innovation practice within PA Consulting, you will work with the latest advanced analytics, machine learning, and big data technologies to generate actionable insights from data and develop innovative data products. We focus on Life Science, Healthcare, Energy & Utilities and CPG sectors and work with various data sets, from social media to public health data. Our domain focus is broad and covers everything from computer vision and NLP, recommender engines, classification and clustering algorithms, linear programming and optimization.

Role & Responsibilities:

Work in collaborative environment with global teams to drive client engagements in PA Consulting key industries: Life Science, Healthcare, E&U, CPG

Provide data-driven recommendations to clients by clearly articulating complex technical concepts through generation and delivery of presentations.

Analyze and model both structured and unstructured data from a number of distributed client and publicly available sources.

Quickly understand client needs, develop solutions, and articulate findings to client executives.

Perform exploratory data analysis and feature engineering to both inform the development of statistical models and generate improve model performance and flexibility.

Design and build scalable machine learning models to meet the needs of given client

Job Requirements

Technical Requirements:

10 years professional work experience as a data scientist or on advanced analytics / statistics projects.

Master’s degree from top tier college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, Mathematics, or other closely related field.

Strong understanding and application of statistical methods and skills: distributions, experimental design, variance analysis, A/B testing, and regression.

Statistical emphasis on data mining techniques, Bayesian Networks Inference, CHAID, CART, association rule, linear and non-linear regression, hierarchical mixed models/multi-level modeling, and ability to answer questions about underlying algorithms and processes.

Experience with both Bayesian and frequentist methodologies.

Mastery of statistical software, scripting languages, and packages (e.g. R, Matlab, SAS, Python, Pearl, Scala, Scikit-learn, Caffe, SAP Predictive Analytics, KXEN, ect.).

Knowledge of or experience working with database systems (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Postgres, ect.)

Experience working with big data distributed programming languages, and ecosystems (e.g. S3, EC2, Hadoop/MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Spark, SAP HANA, ect.)

Expertise in machine learning algorithms and experience using the following ML techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF).

Preferred experience with NLP, Graph Theory, Neural Networks (RNNs/CNNs), sentiment analysis, and Azure ML.

Experience building scalable data pipelines and with data engineering/ feature engineering.

Preferred experience with web-scrapping.

Experience building and deploying predictive models.

Experience with PowerPoint and ability to clearly articulate findings and present solutions.

Excellent team-oriented and interpersonal skills.

About PA Consulting Group

About PA

Bringing Ingenuity to Life: We’re an innovation and transformation consultancy that believes in the power of ingenuity to build a positive-human future in a technology-driven world. Our diverse teams of experts combine innovative thinking with breakthrough-technologies to progress further, faster.

With a global network of FTSE 100 and Fortune 500 clients, we’ll offer you unrivalled opportunities for growth and the freedom to excel. Combining strategies, technologies and innovation, we turn complexity to opportunity and deliver enduring results, enabling you to build a lasting career.

Isn’t it time you joined us?

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. VEVRAA Federal Contractor

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. VEVRAA Federal Contractor
