The University of Southern California’s (USC’s) Information Technology Services is seeking a talented Data Scientist with an exceptional commitment to service excellence to join its team. As the Data Scientist, you will be an integral member of the Enterprise Data and Analytics team, collaborating with diverse and talented team members to help solve multidimensional information technology problems, improve customer experience, and generate value for our campus stakeholders across a broad base of departments and constituencies.

THE TEAM

ITS has embarked on a major digital transformation initiative to continually improve services for faculty, staff, and students in support of USC’s ascent as a leading institution of higher education. The ITS vision aligns strategy, business, and services; affirms ITS cultural values; empowers cross-functional teamwork; embraces world-class best practices; and promotes innovation, excellence, agility, and efficiency. To achieve this vision, ITS is committed to providing a modern technology infrastructure that is resilient and delivers the performance necessary to meet the demands of a growing customer base, training in the latest technologies for its highly productive and motivated workforce, outstanding customer experience, and technology services that are aligned with the university’s mission to provide exceptional learning opportunities for students. ITS is creating a workplace where employees can develop cutting-edge skills, take pride in the services they provide, and have access to the roles and career paths that align to their abilities and potential.

We are looking for top talent to join us on our journey.

ITS CULTURE

USC’s ITS organization represents a diverse and talented team, committed to supporting a collaborative culture and delivering secure and innovative IT services, core to the mission of USC. ITS values accountability, excellence, and commitment to exceptional customer experience. ITS strives for a supportive and inclusive culture that encourages employees to do their best work every day and where individuals are recognized and celebrated for their contributions.

ABOUT USC

USC is the leading private research university in Los Angeles—a global center for arts, technology, and international business. With more than 47,500 students, we are located primarily in Los Angeles but also in various US and global satellite locations. As the largest private employer in Los Angeles, responsible for $8 billion annually in economic activity in the region, we offer the opportunity to work in a dynamic and diverse environment, in careers that span a broad spectrum of talents and skills across a variety of academic and professional schools and administrative units. As a USC employee and member of the Trojan Family—the faculty, staff, students, and alumni who make USC a great place to work—you will enjoy excellent benefits, including a variety of well-being programs designed to help individuals achieve work-life balance.

Come join the ITS team and work as a trusted partner in shaping an environment of innovation and excellence for the university.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

The candidate for the position of Data Scientist must meet the following qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in a relevant field such as applied mathematics, data science, computer science, statistics, etc., or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience.

Five years of experience in a relevant field such as data science, information technology, cognitive engineering, etc.

Experience using statistical computer languages, such as R, Python, SQL, etc., to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Knowledge of current data modelling tools.

Knowledge of a variety of machine-learning techniques and algorithms, such as clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.

Experience with common data science toolkits.

Experience working with and creating data models and data architecture.

Experience using data visualization tools such as Tableau, ArcGis, and D3.

Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL and MDX.

Experience working with relational (e.g., MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Snowflake, Redshift) and non-relational (e.g., Mongo, NoSQL) databases.

Knowledge of applied statistical concepts and skills such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Experience with scripting and programming in several languages.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Ability to provide both detailed information and summaries to management-level individuals and groups.

Experience developing customer relationships and delivering customer-focused service.

Proven problem-solving and decision-making skills with the ability to uncover root causes and evaluate different solution options.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

The ideal candidate for the position of Data Scientist has the following qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in a relevant field such as applied mathematics, data science, computer science, statistics, etc.

More than eight years of experience in a relevant field such as data science, information technology, cognitive engineering, etc.

Strong interest in data science and AI.

Experience in open domain (e.g. GitHub).

Published in the areas of artificial intelligence or data science.

THE WORK YOU WILL DO

The Data Scientist leverages mass data from across the university to develop intelligent business insights and effect innovative change for customers and stakeholders across the organization. This role utilizes analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. The Data Scientist is charged with identifying the data analytics problems that offer the greatest opportunities for the university, determining the correct data sets and variables, and interpreting the data analysis to discover solutions and opportunities. As a member of ITS, the Data Scientist demonstrates ITS values in action.

Job Accountabilities

The Data Scientist:

Partners closely with stakeholders to identify high-impact applications of data to solve meaningful business problems. Identifies, mines, and analyzes medium and large datasets to unearth insights that drive new business value for the university. Communicates positively and effectively with customers. Assists in solving some of the organization’s most challenging problems.

Develops robust statistical and machine learning models and implements processes to evaluate, automate, and improve model performance. Builds, iterates, and validates predictive models using multiple statistical techniques. Supports process improvement efforts within the enterprise data and analytics team and across ITS.

Leads efforts with various functions to test, deploy, and iterate on data science solutions. Builds, executes, and evaluates A/B tests. Performs data manipulation, wrangling, cleansing, and analysis. Utilizes best practices in data science to effectively solve problems.

Analyzes data and collaborates with leadership and technical teams to identify potential insights to drive decision making. Seeks to involve stakeholders in developing solutions to problems. Identifies and develops processes for capturing data and maintaining data integrity through transformative data-wrangling operations.

Manages the progress of projects by tracking activities, resolving issues, and recommending actions. Provides project teams, peers, customers, vendors, and stakeholders with regular updates on deliverables and project status.

Provides feedback to improve the quality of data collection to ensure adequacy, accuracy, and legitimacy of data. Introduces conversational fluency in data science topics throughout the university by contributing to the knowledge-share process. Facilitates innovation and continuous improvement by leveraging the latest industry knowledge. Maintains currency with new technologies in data science.

Contributes to an inclusive environment that values differences by building and maintaining collaborative relationships with team members, peers, and ITS leaders. Actively embodies ITS values and behaviors, including accountability, ethics, and best-in-class customer service. Contributes to a culture of trust and transparency by sharing information broadly, openly, and deliberately.

Supports the vision for Enterprise Data and Analytics. Works closely with team members and management to implement and support effective solutions for data science. Maintains currency with technology, standards, and best practices. Supports process improvement efforts within the team and across ITS.

Performs other related duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS The candidate for the position of Data Scientist must meet the following qualifications: • Bachelor's degree in a relevant field such as applied mathematics, data science, computer science, statistics, etc., or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience. • Five years of experience in a relevant field such as data science, information technology, cognitive engineering, etc. • Experience using statistical computer languages, such as R, Python, SQL, etc., to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. • Knowledge of current data modelling tools. • Knowledge of a variety of machine-learning techniques and algorithms, such as clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc. • Experience with common data science toolkits. • Experience working with and creating data models and data architecture. • Experience using data visualization tools such as Tableau, ArcGis, and D3. • Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL and MDX. • Experience working with relational (e.g., MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, Snowflake, Redshift) and non-relational (e.g., Mongo, NoSQL) databases. • Knowledge of applied statistical concepts and skills such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. • Experience with scripting and programming in several languages. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. • Ability to provide both detailed information and summaries to management-level individuals and groups. • Experience developing customer relationships and delivering customer-focused service. • Proven problem-solving and decision-making skills with the ability to uncover root causes and evaluate different solution options.
