OJO Labs - Data Scientist

About OJO Labs

We are playing in the AI/machine learning space and striving to build conversational technology products that are indistinguishable from magic. We are proud to say that we have the best and brightest minds coming to work every day to build on a shared common vision. We hope to have an opportunity to meet you, learn about your experience and introduce you to the OJO team.

About OJO Engineering

At OJO Engineering, we highly value a thirst for learning, the ability to collaborate, and passion for our customers. We are excited to tackle hard technical problems. We take our responsibility seriously as we use technology to help our customers make important, sometimes life changing, buying decisions. If you enjoy working in a fast-paced environment alongside some of the best engineers in Austin, come join us!

Responsibilities

Participate in building a strong culture that values learning and collaboration

Work with large, complex data sets and apply advanced analytical methods to provide insights and make recommendations.

Work with the engineering teams to prototype, build, improve and deploy predictive models at scale.

Develop comprehensive knowledge of OJO data. Partner with product and engineering to develop product features that provide the best value to OJO customers.

What Does it Take to Succeed?

Must Haves:

Minimum of Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent practical experience.

Strong communication skills, especially in educating, advocating, and presenting data science findings in written, verbal, and visual presentation of quantitative information.

Proven interests in OJO and attention for details. Please put “Ada Lovelace” in your resume or your cover letter.

Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, MATLAB, Spark) and database languages (e.g., SQL)

Deep understanding of mathematical concepts and applications of machine learning.

The ability to articulate and translate business questions into testable hypotheses to formulate and conduct experiments and derive meaningful results.

Nice Haves:

PhD degree in a quantitative discipline.

Strong coding skills.

Familiarity with TensorFlow for implementing machine learning solutions.

Familiarity with Natural Language Processing (NLP), Conversational Agents, Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), and/or Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)

Who is OJO?

We are an Austin-based, early stage technology startup focused on fundamentally improving the way people make their most important decisions through the fusion of machine and human intelligence. With offices in both Austin, TX and Vieux Fort, St. Lucia, we have over 250 employees globally. We were recently named to the A-List by the Austin Chamber of Commerce and awarded Austin Inno’s “50 on Fire” award which recognizes the hottest startups in Austin. Backed by top-tier VC's and industry veterans, we have managed to hire the best technical, product and operational minds to pursue this incredible opportunity. We know we’re onto something big and every new hire we make will have a significant impact on our evolving product, team and culture.

What do we have to offer?

You get to work with the best of the best

A collaborative, respectful environment where your voice will always be heard

Competitive Salaries

Equity

Unlimited/Open PTO Policy

Modern Downtown Austin Office

Dog-Friendly Workplace

Commuter Stipend or Free Parking

70% Coverage of Employee and Dependent Health Premiums

Promote from Within Philosophy

Volunteer Program

Optimum Workspace Subsidy

Many More – We have a whole team dedicated to making OJO an awesome place to work!
