At Ingersoll Rand we are passionate about inspiring progress around the world. We advance the quality of life by creating comfortable, sustainable and efficient environments. Our people and our family of brands-includingClub Car®, Ingersoll Rand®,Thermo King®, Trane®, American Standard® Heating & Air Conditioning and ARO® - work together to enhance the quality and comfort of air in homes and buildings; transport and protect food and perishables; and increase industrial productivity and efficiency. We are a global business committed to a world of sustainable progress and enduring results. For more information, visitwww.ingersollrand.com.

Ingersoll Rand is a diverse and inclusive environment.We are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to hiring a diverse workforce; including minorities, females, individuals of all sexual orientations and gender identities, individuals with disabilities, and United States qualified protected veterans.

Job Description:

Trane is looking for a data scientist to join a world-class team applying innovative analytic approaches to extremely complex problems in the areas of industrial internet, equipment performance management and customer's building systems. This position is focused on developing the application of artificial intelligence to building system controls and building models to improve customer and internal facing products to directly impact our customer's business. The incumbent is responsible for model management, integrating with existing systems, as well as identifying and implementing improvements to these processes.

Responsibilities:

Work with a cross-functional team to generate new and unique service offerings.

Work with cross-functional team to apply data science techniques to identify building issues/optimization opportunities that improve customer business metrics.

Work with a cross-functional team to apply artificial intelligence to building system controls.

Work with a cross-functional team to implement of state of the art forecasting models and anomaly detection algorithms to enable predictive service offerings.

Responsible for developing and validating the accuracy of the models/algorithms across a wide variety of applications.

Stay up-to-date in the field of data science, including Artificial Intelligence.

Identify and apply new technologies as necessary in development of products.

Qualifications:

Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques and experience visualizing model outputs for engineers, customers and stakeholders.

Demonstrated ability to translate business needs into relevant data science activities that drive business value.

Familiarity with data science tools and the ability to adapt to new data science technologies, as necessary.

Strong written & oral English communication skills to interface effectively with team members, customers and stakeholders.

Ability to travel occasionally (< 10%).

The ideal candidate will also have the following:

5 plus years' experience applying data driven modeling to solve business problems.

Experience applying artificial intelligence to real world problems.

Working knowledge in the following technologies: Python, SQL, R, Alteryx, Microsoft Azure, IBM Watson, Tableau, etc.

Advanced knowledge of database systems including relational, column store and data marts.

Understanding of and experience with engineering / time series data.

Experience in statistical inference, unsupervised machine learning, supervised machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques.

Understanding of large-scale data mining and machine learning techniques for clustering, classification, regression, and anomaly detection.

Ability to manipulate and visualize both structured and non-structured datasets.

Education

BS, MS or PhD in computer science or statistics related discipline with machine data experience preferred.

We are committed to helping you reach your professional, personal and financial goals. We offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employee, which, in turn, spurs innovation, generates creative solutions and enhances our customer relations.

If you share our passion for inspiring progress-for bringing about bold shifts in how people, economies and societies operate-then you belong with Ingersoll Rand. Progress begins with you.
