We are currently seeking an experienced, dynamic and collaborative professional to serve as a Data Analyst within our High Cost Program. Reporting to the Senior Manager of Program Management you will:
performs data reporting and analytics, including requirements gathering for reports, aggregating and presenting information from various programmatic data sources for monthly and quarterly reporting purposes.
This is an outstanding career opportunity for an individual interested in a genuine professional challenge in support of a public-spirited mission.

Working in a creative and fast-paced environment, some responsibilities for the Data Analsyt will include:
Analyze large sets of program data to identify opportunities to improve the efficiency, integrity, and stakeholder experience of Universal Service program participants.
Perform research and analysis using programmatic data, to relay programmatic impacts, trends, patterns, statistics, etc. across the company.
Recommend program process improvements based on data while maintaining reporting standards while ensuring consistency and quality of deliverables.
Create and maintain queries using SQL or other programming languages (with a preference for Open Source programming languages such as R and Python) as necessary for consistency and efficiency of data retrieval from various systems.
Research methods and tools to create efficiency for reporting, GIS mapping, and other analytical and computational processes.
Maintain, develop, and implement policies and procedures that ensure the accuracy and integrity of USAC program data and reporting.
Participate in the evaluation of new technologies to ensure the technology architecture and data analysis and visualization tools are in line with company’s evolving business intelligence needs.
Support managers, directors, and members of the leadership team in various projects, as needed.
Other specific duties as assigned.
About You
The successful candidate will excel at operating in a diverse and fluid environment, and will be crucial for the success of the High Cost program.
You possess Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution in a related field.
You have 3 to 4 years of experience in the data science field performing descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analysis and developing data products and tools that provide actionable insights and strategic guidance to managers and people in leadership positions.
You have the ability to work independently, but also collaborate and work across other departments as needed.
You have proven experience working with data warehoused in databases using SQL and programming languages for data science such as R or Python (or a demonstrated capacity to learn them).
You have experience presenting complex analysis and results in plain English for a non-technical audience using data visualizations (i.e. charts, tables, and graphs) on various software platforms.
You have excellent written and verbal communication skills, are naturally curious and inquisitive, and are interested in continuously improving our work.
You have excellent analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
You are proficient with Microsoft Office Suite.

Through its administration of the $10 billion Universal Service Fund (USF) programs on behalf of the FCC, USAC works to promote the availability of quality services at just, reasonable and affordable rates and to increase access to advanced telecommunications services throughout the nation. Specifically, the USF programs provide funding for the expansion of telecommunications and broadband access to rural communities and health care facilities, schools and libraries across the country, and low income households. Through program administration, auditing, and outreach, USAC works with contributors, service providers, and program beneficiaries to achieve the program goals articulated by the FCC for each of these programs.
The FCC has reformed the USF to support further investment in and access to evolving broadband infrastructure, making the programs a primary vehicle to support this critical national priority. USAC, as the administrator of the USF, plays a critical role in supporting the ambitious vision to ensure that all citizens in the United States have access to high-speed broadband. The organization has approximately 500 employees with an operating budget of more than $200 million. USAC works in close partnership with the FCC and other federal and state partners to support the achievement of the USF program goals.
USAC administers the USF programs—High Cost, Lifeline, Rural Health Care, and Schools and Libraries. USAC strives to provide efficient, responsible stewardship of the programs, a key national asset in making important telecommunications and Internet services available to consumers, health care providers, schools, and libraries throughout the United States. The program divisions are supported by additional USAC personnel in Finance, General Counsel, Information Systems, Internal Audit, the Enterprise Program Management Office and Human Resources. Consistent with FCC rules, USAC does not make policy for or interpret unclear provisions of statutes or the FCC’s rules.
Universal service is paid for by contributions from telecommunications carriers, including wireline and wireless companies, and interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol providers, including cable companies that provide voice service, based on an assessment of their interstate and international end- user revenues. These contributions are most typically passed through to consumers through a universal service fee line item on their telephone bills.
Additional information on USF programs can be found at: http://www.usac.org/about/about/who-we- are/default.aspx
USAC offers a comprehensive benefits package, ongoing professional development opportunities, including vacation and sick leave.
USAC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Only principals will be accepted. No agencies please.
To apply, please submit a cover letter and resume, click the “Apply For This Job Online” button.
USAC employees are passionate about our mission. Our work contributes to the success of all Americans. We’ve worked together to build a culture that is collaborative, ambitious, outcome-oriented, and feedback-focused.
