Description:

Providence St. Joseph Health is calling a Data Scientist, Mental Health Strategy to our location in Renton, WA.

We are seeking a Data Scientist, Mental Health Strategy to bring disparate data sources together to produce monthly reports, presentations and recommendations in a consistent manner to drive regional efforts to improve the mental health of PSJH populations and communities. This includes making and receiving data requests across the system; integrating datasets as needed for reporting; as well as working with analytic resources to ensure accurate, actionable, and timely reporting for reports, presentations, and other formats to inform sound decision-making.

In this position you will have the following responsibilities:

Be able to transverse multiple datasets, sources and systems, including but not limited to: community health data, electronic medical record (EMR) encounters, financial and costing data, medical claims, provider/clinician licensing data, as well as social determinant of health (SDOH) data. They will also need to be able to create visualizations of the data to tell the story of the Mental Health Improvement work.

Interact effectively with multiple data teams and have the skills and ability to integrate necessary data sources and work with partners to ensure accurate, actionable, and timely reporting.

Perform statistical testing, predictive analysis, and modeling of varied data-types, including patient and community data sources, as well as provider and system-level data sources.

Qualifications:

Required qualifications for this position include:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer science, engineering, statistics, or a related field.

5 years of healthcare analytics, as a data scientist, predictive analyst, statistician, or quantitative analyst.

Strong technical design, problem solving, analytical, and programming skills.

Preferred qualifications for this position include:

Master's Degree.

3 years of technical design, problem solving, analytics, programming and debugging skills.

3 years of working to improve the care and outcomes of patient populations that are under value-based care agreements and have significant social determinant of health concerns, such as Medicaid or Dual eligible populations.

1 year of Mental Health, Behavioral Health, or Psychology experience.

About the department you will serve.

Providence Strategic and Management Services provides a variety of functional and system support services for all eight regions of Providence St. Joseph health from Alaska to California. We are focused on supporting our Mission by delivering a robust foundation of services and sharing of specialized expertise.

We offer a full comprehensive range of benefits - see our website for details

http://www.providenceiscalling.jobs/rewards-benefits/

Our Mission

As expressions of God’s healing love, witnessed through the ministry of Jesus, we are steadfast in serving all, especially those who are poor and vulnerable.

About Us

Providence Health & Services is a not-for-profit Catholic network of hospitals, care centers, health plans, physicians, clinics, home health care and services guided by a Mission of caring the Sisters of Providence began over 160 years ago. Providence is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Providence does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, disability, veteran, military status, religion, age, creed, national origin, sexual identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, or any other basis prohibited by local, state, or federal law.

Schedule: Full-time

Shift: Day

Job Category: Analytics/Business Intelligence

Location: Washington-Renton

Req ID: 229100
