Job Description:

Overview

The Life Sciences Operation of the Health Group of Leidos is seeking a Biomedical Data Scientist who will provide technical support to the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs (CDMRP). The CDMRP supports research projects within a broad range of medical research fields and military health. The Biomedical Data Scientist will work across several medical and/or military research programs in support of various clients at the CDMRP. This is NOT a laboratory research position. This position requires a U.S. citizen in order to obtain a U.S. Department of Defense security clearance. This position is located in Frederick, Maryland. Some local travel is required.

Responsibilities:

Perform extensive quality control procedures on client data

Populate SQL database with client data accurately and efficiently

Respond to team member requests regarding data prior to client scientific meetings

Interact with team members to ensure client expectations are met in a timely manner

Execute and update Standard Operating Procedures pertaining to data quality control

Develop and test new database features prior to release to the client

Conduct analyses of scientific research portfolio data and research outcomes and assemble data to prepare tables, graphs, and slides

Draft a variety of scientific materials including research highlights.

Provide scientific notetaking support by recording critical information from scientific meetings and writing comprehensive meeting reports

Successful candidates will possess:

Exceptional attention to detail

Excellent organizational and time management skills

The ability to work effectively in a team environment

Proficiency with data analysis software (SQL, Access, Workbench)

Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint

Experience in both online and back-end PHP development

Strong interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills

Required Education:

A Master's degree in the biomedical sciences from an accredited college or university, with 1-2 years related experience is desired.
