Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities — we're just getting started.

A core goal to realizing this mission is to ensure the communities are safe and welcoming spaces. To help us with this goal, our Community Standards define what is and isn’t allowed on Facebook. When we find something that goes against these standards, we remove it. We need to measure the accuracy and efficacy of these enforcement decisions and identify areas where we can do better. This challenging role will explore the intersection of policy, measurement, and enforcement and define the industry standard for AI and human moderation.

We are looking for strong Data Scientists to help the team develop an accuracy measurement platform that spans multiple organizations. This role works closely with product teams, engineering teams, and operations teams to define standards and identify opportunities for improving moderation at an unprecedented scale. This includes implementing sophisticated statistical solutions for better measurement, working with policy teams to mitigate ambiguity in the decision-making process, and working across organizations to drive alignment. Successful candidates for this role will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, experience working cross functionally on large-scale projects, and influencing decision making through data.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products.

Define problems and opportunities in a complex or ambiguous area.

Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches.

Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify new levers to improve user experience.

Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics.

Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations, and clearly communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

MS degree Computer Science, Engineering, or a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, operations research, econometrics), or BS in a quantitative discipline with MBA with a quantitative concentration (operations management, supply chain, information technology, finance), or equivalent experience

5+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modeling

Track-record driving product strategy through data analysis and product positioning

Experience extracting and manipulating large datasets

Working knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g. scikit-learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB)

Communication experience

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Experience with the lifecycle of machine learning model development and productization and advanced statistical techniques (e.g. causal inference).

Experience working with operations teams or moderation teams.

Development experience in any scripting language (Python, R, etc.).

Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop).

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
