Are you passionate about building solutions for our greatest national security challenges?

Are you searching for engaging work with an employer that prioritizes impact, innovation, and personal development?

Do you value working in a creative and collaborative environment?

If so, we're looking for someone like you to join our team at APL .

We design and develop novel machine learning algorithms and systems processing massive data sets to solve some of the most complex national security problems. We want energetic and creative individuals to develop computationally tractable algorithms and to implement corresponding software systems to analyze large and complex data. You will join a growing team of data scientists in a collegiate environment.

As a Data Scientist...

You will primarily work with sponsors and end users in defense or intelligence organizations to understand their operations and identify requirements.

You will engage in research and provide thought leadership to create algorithms for analyzing large-scale and complex data.

You will apply sound scientific methods to ensure the validity of algorithmic solutions.

You will design and develop large-scale systems using high performance computing platforms.

You will support system deployment, troubleshooting and user training.

You will author and present papers on your research in external technical forums.

You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you...

Possess a B.S. in computer science, information science, mathematics, statistics, physics, operations research, data science, or related field, with 1-5 years of experience.

Have experience with statistics, machine learning algorithms, or general algorithm development.

Possess a working knowledge of modern large-scale data systems and architectures.

Are a creative thinker, motivated problem solver, and life-long learner.

Possess strong programming skills and understand object oriented design and data structures.

Have excellent interpersonal skills, the ability to work independently, and excellent written and oral communications skills.

Are able to obtain a Secret clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship.

You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you...

Possess a M.S. or Ph.D. in the disciplines listed above.

Possess a working knowledge of state-of-the-art large-scale data science approaches and architectures, parallel processing, and high performance computing.

Can manage and manipulate large data sets and utilize various machine learning techniques.

Have experience with software engineering processes and DevOps approaches.

Can ultimately obtain a Top Secret Clearance

Why work at APL?

The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation's most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. With a wide selection of challenging, impactful work and a robust education assistance program, APL promotes a culture of life-long learning. Our employees enjoy generous benefits and healthy work/life balance. APL's campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities atwww.jhuapl.edu/careers.

APL is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
