The future is bright at DTE Energy! We are one of the largest Fortune 500 diversified utilities in the United States with an aspiration to be the best-operated energy company in North America and a force for good in the communities we live and serve. We have businesses in 26 different states and are comprised of regulated utility and non-utility businesses. Our utility business provides electric and gas service to approximately 3 million customers. Our non-utility businesses include a diversified portfolio of energy related companies, ranging from gas storage and pipelines to renewable power development.

DTE Energy’s utility and non-utility businesses are poised for significant growth. We look forward to working with highly motivated and team-oriented individuals to energize our efforts of growing economically and environmentally.

Recently, DTE Energy has been recognized as an outstanding place to work and has received the following accolades:

Gallup Great Workplace Award for consecutive years

Civic 50 Award for corporate citizenship excellence

Indeed’s annual “50 Best Places to Work” award for two years running

Metropolitan Detroit’s 101 Best and Brightest Companies to work For

J.D. Power Customer Satisfaction Award

Professional Women’s Magazine/Black EOE Journal “Best of the Best”

Computerworld’s 100 Best Places to Work in IT

Best Employers for a Healthy Lifestyle Gold Award

Detroit Free Press Green Leaders Award

DTE Energy is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, disability, national origin, citizenship, height, weight, genetic information, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status or any other status protected by law.

External Pre-Hire Assessment Required: Professional Pre-Hire Assessment

Testing Required: Not Applicable

Job Summary

Collects, validates, transforms and cleanses data to derive insights using qualitative and quantitative statistical analysis and modeling. Runs analytical experiments in a methodical manner and develops moderately complex models to forecast business performance metrics. Works with other team members and/or business partners to identify, define and translate business requirements into analytical constructs. Develops customized reports and dashboards and performs ad-hoc analyses.

Key Accountabilities

Performs analyses (e.g., cost-benefit, invest-divest, forecasting, predictive, what-if, impact analysis, etc.) to help the company focus on key decisions to improve safety, employee engagement, operation efficiency, product quality, and customer satisfaction

Develops, modifies, and automates reports; iteratively builds and prototypes dashboards to provide insights and meet analytical needs

Develops and maintains analytical algorithms and models through understanding large sets of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

Evaluates technologies, develops and optimizes algorithms and experiments and validates modeling results

Interprets, documents, and successfully communicates analytic insights to stakeholders

Performs data cleansing and blending processes to produce analytic data sets for use by a variety of downstream purposes

Understands and documents business needs to formulate complete end-to-end analyses that include business requirements, data gathering, analysis, scaleable solutions, and presentations

Works with other team members and business leaders to identify relevant data and develop prototypes and proof-of-concepts

Minimum Education & Experience Requirements

This is a multi-track base requirement job; education and experience requirements can be satisfied through one of the following options:

Bachelor’s degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Data Science, Industrial/Organizational Psychology and Econometrics, etc.) and two years of experience working in a data analytical or computer programming function; OR

Master’s degree with emphasis on coursework of a quantitative nature (e.g., Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Data Science, Industrial/Organizational Psychology and Econometrics, etc.)

Other Qualifications

Preferred:

Master’s degree

Experience in quantitative analytics (e.g. data mining, regression analysis, hypothesis testing, predictive modeling techniques and model optimization)

Familiarity with Continuous Improvement concepts and applications (e.g., six sigma, lean)

Experience with SAP Business Intelligence Tools and SAP CRM, ISU and BW data

Knowledgeable in data modeling, data structure, meta data and application of complex SQL queries with data from multiple sources

Experience in business intelligence tools (Microsoft PowerBI, Tableau, SAP Business Objects (BOB), etc.)

Experience articulating business questions, pulling data from relational databases (e.g. SAP BW, ORACLE, SQL SERVER) and using advanced excel and statistical tools (e.g., Minitab, Alteryx, Advanced Excel with VBA, R, Python, SAS, SPSS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.) to conduct in-depth analysis to support decision making

Familiarity with a Big Data platform (Hadoop, AWS, Azure), including data extraction and connection to the platform for analytics

Familiarity with Cloud environments

Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills

Utility or customer-oriented industry experience

Additional Information

Incumbents may engage in all or some combination of the activities and accountabilities, and utilize a variety of the competencies cited in this description depending upon the organization and role to which they are assigned. This description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by incumbents in this job. It is not intended as an all-inclusive list of accountabilities or responsibilities, nor is it intended to limit the rights of supervisors or management representatives to assign, direct and control the work of employees under their supervision.
