Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, Economics, or a related quantitative field with 5 years of working experience as a Data Scientist

Proficient with data analysis and modeling software such as Spark, R etc.

Proficient with using scripting language such as Python and data manipulation/analysis libraries such as Scikit-learn and Pandas for analyzing and modeling data.

Experienced in using multiple data science methodologies to solve complex business problems.

Experienced in handling large data sets using SQL and databases in a business environment.

Excellent verbal and written communication.

Strong troubleshooting and problem solving skills.

Thrive in a fast-paced, innovative environment.

Do you have broad and deep experience in both the analytical and technical aspects of cloud computing? Do you have rich experience influencing technology choices and building programs to accelerate IT adoption by providing visibility into IT costs? Do you enjoy working with customers to achieve cost efficiency through IT modernization and cloud technologies? Can you help business leaders and technologists adopt new cloud services?

Amazon Web Services is looking for an experienced Sr Data Scientist to be a part of a team solving complex Customer cloud cost optimization problems and Customer insights (including segmentation analysis and personas building using big data, ML and potentially AI). This is a blue-sky role that gives you a chance to roll up your sleeves and dive into big data sets in order to build simulations and experimentation systems at scale, build optimization algorithms and leverage cutting-edge technologies across AWS. This is an opportunity to think big about how to optimize the world’s foremost cloud offerings and create new product opportunities. You will deliver tens of millions of dollars for Customers and Amazon annually through these analytical insights.

You will work closely with product and technical leaders throughout AWS and will be responsible for influencing funding decisions in areas of investment that you identify as critical future product offerings. You will identify both enablers and blockers of adoption, and build programs that accelerate adoption of both overall AWS services and our cloud cost management suite.

The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in Science work, business analytics and have the aptitude to incorporate new approaches and methodologies while dealing with ambiguities in sourcing processes. Excellent business and communication skills are a must to develop and define key business questions and to build data sets that answer those questions. You should have a demonstrated ability to think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges. Further, you must have the ability to build and communicate compelling value propositions, and work across the organization to achieve consensus. This role requires a strong passion for customers, a high level of comfort navigating ambiguity, and a keen sense of ownership and drive to deliver results.

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation

Master's degree in Statistics, Applied Math, Operations Research, Economics, or a related quantitative field with at least 2 years of working experience as a Data Scientist.

Experienced in writing academic-styled papers for presenting both the methodologies used and results for data science projects.
