At Alteryx, Inc., we live for the thrill and delight that happens when we help free the world’s thinkers to innovate in new ways. As you spend half of your waking hours at work, we make sure that time is spent pushing limits and fueling remarkable business outcomes for our customers. Our culture empowers associates to make a difference every day, as they collaborate with their colleagues to implement the Alteryx platform to achieve heart-pounding, fist-pumping moments of insight, preparing the new workforce for the jobs of the future.

Overview:

We are excited to be adding to our expanding global Analytics Team that drives data science into both internal decisions and helps enable customers with education and thought leadership on implementing analytics in their environments. You will help to improve the product alongside our sales engineers, market more effectively to our customers, make sales happen, and help every department use Alteryx and other data science tools more effectively to deliver amazing results. In addition, the team will be working to drive our Alteryx for Good mission, helping schools and citizen data scientists around the world become more data literate, more capable answering questions, and more able to solve problems. It is a meaningful and exciting role to be in!

Responsibilities:

Leverage/Implement a wide array of statistical, econometrics and advanced analytic methods, including Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, to drive business insights and support data-driven decisions

Become expert on key internal and external data sources. Identify opportunities to leverage new data sources/features to improve existing or develop new analytic solutions

Create end-to-end, robust analytic products in key areas of the business (e.g. Sales, Finance, Product, Strategy, Marketing, etc.), working closely with business customers to scope, develop, implement and monitor solutions

Deliver and drive model/analytics insights throughout organization, helping to support data-driven decision making at all levels of the organization

Work cross-functionally within the organization to identify opportunities to leverage data/analytics to improve business operations and drive efficiencies

Provide coaching and guidance on data science best practices to all areas of the company

Create and deliver training curriculum on data science leveraging Alteryx and other tools (e.g. Tableau)

Qualifications:

Degree in Statistics, Economics, Econometrics, Physics, Data Science or other Quantitative Discipline a plus

2+ years' relevant professional experience

Experience leveraging statistics/econometrics with direct business application (Prediction, Forecasting, Inference).

Experience developing business/customer insights using novel econometric techniques a plus

Experience with Alteryx, R, Python or other statistical software

Experience leveraging visualization tools (Tableau, Qlik, etc.) to translate complex process/model output into deep business/customer insights

Exceptional teamwork and coaching skills

Excellent written and verbal communication skills with experience presenting technical concepts to all levels of internal/external customers

Ability to think on your feet and problem solve

Experience working in a fast-paced culture, managing multiple deliverables a plus
