2+ years professional experience as a data scientist using advanced data analytics techniques, including data mining, machine learning, statistical analysis, and Natural Language Processing.

Master’s Degree in a quantitative discipline such as Applied Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or equivalent.

2+ years experience using tools such as R and Python for data analytics with large data sets including structured and unstructured. Prior work on projects involving data gathering, data cleaning, data munging, and data visualization

Knowledge of Machine learning in theory and in practice. Experience working with machine learning models from development through testing, validation, and production

Strong statistical expertise; demonstrated experience with hands-on statistical modeling (such as regression modeling, a/b testing, significance testing etc),

Excellent interpersonal and communication skills — you will be working with colleagues in the U.S. and our Engineering Office in Ukraine. Ability to explain the process and analysis results to both technical and non-technical audiences.

Desirable:

Active in the data science or technology community (meetups, blogs, competitions, etc.)

Experience working on projects for US or European clients

Ph.D in quantitative field

Experience working with hosted cloud platforms such as AWS

Experience with big data tools and platforms (Spark, Hadoop)

Experience with data visualization tools (D3JS, Tableau, Qlik)

Knowledge of programming languages such as Java, C++, C#

We offer:

Remote position with flexible work hours. You can work from just about anywhere.

Competitive compensation based on work experience with potential for bonuses based on results. Exposure to a variety of interesting analytical projects. The opportunity to join a rapidly growing company with career progression and opportunities.

Responsibilities

As a Data Scientists for Innovizo, you will have the opportunity to work on a variety of analytical projects to solve real world problems. These may include predictive analytics, machine learning, natural language processing, and data visualization. You will work as part of a team with other talented data scientists, engineers, and business strategists to help Innovizo clients with their analytics needs. Our clients include innovative companies in high tech, software, and retail. A sample of responsibilities may include:

Creating machine learning models from development through testing and validation and production

Cleaning and investigating large, messy data sets of numerical and textual data

Integrating with external data sources and APIs to discover interesting trends

Designing rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to customers or company leaders

To apply for this position, please send your resume and cover letter to talent@innovizo.com
