At Fidelity’s Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (COE), you won’t be just tinkering around the edges, you’ll be building critical solutions that will benefit our clients for years to come. We work closely with business stakeholders, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/ML solutions that drive customer and business value. Those of us who love to work with data see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry.

These positions are all located in Boston, MA.

The Team

The AIML (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) team contributes to the vitality and growth of the organization through researching and building complex, cutting edge and scalable AI algorithms, models, platforms and technologies to significantly improve customer experience and drive business results. Our team of high caliber scientists, mathematicians and statisticians use rigorous quantitative approaches to ensure that we are efficiently building algorithms and technology relevant to the business or customer experience issue at hand.

 The Expertise You Have

Minimum Master’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields.

Advanced knowledge in model evaluation, tuning and performance, operationalization and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies.

Hands on experience developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc.),

Experience in evaluating and making decisions around the use of new or existing tools for a project.

Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, complex business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams. Three to five successfully launched ML projects would be ideal.

Programming skills in Python, Spark, Scala, R or MatLab

The Skills You Bring

Your solid skills in algorithm development and predictive modeling

You have deep knowledge of some combination of the following:

Natural Language Processing (NLP)

Deep Learning, Neural Networks

Real Time Event Detection and Scoring

Time series analysis, Econometrics

Robotic Process Automation

Cloud ML

The Value You Deliver

You will partner with business stakeholders to identify/prioritize top AI opportunities, create business/technical requirements, transform large volumes of data into AI-driven solutions using creative, cutting edge open source methods/technologies, lead ML strategy and road map planning, work across teams and influence the direction of external teams. The ideal candidate will combine expert AI/ML/Open Source/Tech knowledge with hands on experience building algorithms/models/programming and outstanding business skills (revenue/cost drivers, customer experience, customer journey, communication, etc.) to manage and deliver complex/critical projects driving significant value to Fidelity.

CompanyOverview

At Fidelity, we are focused on making ourfinancial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live thelives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of valuein creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent andreflects our commitment to our associates. Weare proud of our diverseand inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives andexperiences. For informationabout working at Fidelity, visit Fidelitycareers.com

Fidelity Investments is an equalopportunity employer.
