Ref ID: 00900-9502067483Classification: Database AnalystCompensation: $80,000.00 to $100,000.00 per year Job Requirements This is a Robert Half Technology opportunity. If interested please send your resume to vince.jordan@rht.com. nbsp; Master's Degree required in Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Analytics, or Data Science, Machine Learning, or related field. Or Bachelor's Degree with 2+ years of detail oriented work experience in data analysis and machine learning. Proficient in SQL, writing queries, and reporting. Excellent scripting and programming skills with Python, R, etc with hands-on experience. Expertise in running exploratory data analysis, statistical modeling and data mining. Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Experience with designing and analyzing statistical test (AB tests and Multivariate tests). Excellent understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, K-Means, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Neural Networks, etc. Experience developing recommendation engines using different techniques like collaborative filtering, content-based filtering, deep learning based approaches, etc. Proficiency with Python and common data science toolkits such as Jupyter Notebooks, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, MatplotLib, Seaborn, NLTK, OpenCV, etc. Proficiency with a deep learning framework such as TensorFlow or Keras. Project experience with data visualisation tools, such as Tableau, PowerBI, and DataStudio. Ability to run automated jobs to manipulate and store data from APIs via Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine, Google Cloud Storage, EC2, S3, etc. Hands-on experience working with large data sets Technology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
