The Division of Family and Child Health (DFCH) of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene is charged with the creation and oversight of programs, policies, services, and environments that support physical and socio-emotional health, and promote primary and reproductive health services, health equity, social justice, safety and well-being for New York City families and children. The division is comprised of the Bureau of Maternal Infant Reproductive Health, the Bureau of Early Intervention, the Office of School Health, and the Bureau of Administration. The vision of the DFCH is that every child, woman, and family recognizes their power and is given the opportunity to reach their full health and developmental potential. We encourage qualified applicants with demonstrated commitment to social justice, particularly racial, gender, and LGBTQ equity to apply.

DUTIES WILL INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO:

* Under the guidance of the Director of Research and Analytics Unit in the Office of School Health; the City Research Scientist Level III, will be responsible for the following duties; serving as the lead technical expert in the research design and evaluation for OSH asthma initiative Lead effort to quantify impact of asthma programs on children's health and education outcomes**AMENDED

-Serving as the lead technical expert in the research design and evaluation for OSH asthma initiative Lead effort to quantify impact of asthma programs on children's health and education outcomes.

-Providing technical expertise in Data Science to OSH programs including the development of surveillance systems and predictive/risk models.

-Designing and implementing research studies, performing analysis, and reporting findings in research papers, official reports, and conference presentations.

-Collaborating with academic researchers on policy-relevant research questions.

-Contributing to the development of OSH's integrated data system, SPHR, combining education, public health, and medical data for New York City children.

-Developing surveillance and targeting use for the integrated data system.

-Developing approaches to utilize the system for program and policy evaluation.

-Participating in the agency's emergency preparedness efforts.

Minimum Qual Requirements

1. For Assignment Level I (only physical, biological and environmental sciences and public health) A master's degree from an accredited college or university with a specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological or environmental science or in public health.

To be appointed to Assignment Level II and above, candidates must have:

1. A doctorate degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and one year of full-time experience in a responsible supervisory, administrative or research capacity in the appropriate field of specialization; or

2. A master's degree from an accredited college or university with specialization in an appropriate field of physical, biological, environmental or social science and three years of responsible full-time research experience in the appropriate field of specialization; or

3. Education and/or experience which is equivalent to "1" or "2" above. However, all candidates must have at least a master's degree in an appropriate field of specialization and at least two years of experience described in "2" above. Two years as a City Research Scientist Level I can be substituted for the experience required in "1" and "2" above.

NOTE:

Probationary Period

Appointments to this position are subject to a minimum probationary period of one year.

Preferred Skills

Experience applying statistical methods to administrative data including educational data.

Knowledge of research and evaluation methods.

Experience with SAS and other statistical programming software such as R, S+, STATA, PYTHON and other tools such as SQL

Specific training or project experience in evaluation, statistics, educational measurement, or public health.

Curiosity and a desire to learn, excellent writing and speaking ability and strong interpersonal communication skills.

Additional Information

**IMPORTANT NOTES TO ALL CANDIDATES:

Please note: If you are called for an interview you will be required to bring to your interview copies of original documentation, such as:

A document that establishes identity for employment eligibility, such as: A Valid U.S. Passport, Permanent Resident Card/Green Card, or Driver’s license.

Proof of Education according to the education requirements of the civil service title.

Current Resume

Proof of Address/NYC Residency dated within the last 60 days, such as: Recent Utility Bill (i.e. Telephone, Cable, Mobile Phone)

Additional documentation may be required to evaluate your qualification as outlined in this posting’s “Minimum Qualification Requirements” section. Examples of additional documentation may be, but not limited to: college transcript, experience verification or professional trade licenses.

If after your interview you are the selected candidate you will be contacted to schedule an on-boarding appointment. By the time of this appointment you will be asked to produce the originals of the above documents along with your original Social Security card.

**LOAN FORGIVENESS

The federal government provides student loan forgiveness through its Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program (PSLF) to all qualifying public service employees. Working with the DOHMH qualifies you as a public service employee and you may be able to take advantage of this program while working full-time and meeting the program’s other requirements.

Please visit the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program site to view the eligibility requirements:

https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness-cancellation/public-service

"FINAL APPOINTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT & BUDGET APPROVAL”

To Apply

Apply online with a cover letter to https://a127-jobs.nyc.gov/. In the Job ID search bar, enter: job ID number # 398286.

We appreciate the interest and thank all applicants who apply, but only those candidates under consideration will be contacted.

The NYC Health Department is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse and culturally responsive workforce. We strongly encourage people of color, people with disabilities, veterans, women, and lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender and gender non-conforming persons to apply.

All applicants will be considered without regard to actual or perceived race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, marital or parental status, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, age, prior record of arrest; or any other basis prohibited by law.

Residency Requirement

New York City residency is generally required within 90 days of appointment. However, City Employees in certain titles who have worked for the City for 2 continuous years may also be eligible to reside in Nassau, Suffolk, Putnam, Westchester, Rockland, or Orange County. To determine if the residency requirement applies to you, please discuss with the agency representative at the time of interview.
