Job Description

A great opportunity awaits for you at Intel!

We are seeking a driven and motivated individual to join us as a Data Scientist.

In this role, you will be responsible for, although not limited to:

Using predictive modeling, statistics, Machine Learning, Data Mining, and other data analysis techniques to collect, explore, and extract insights from structure and unstructured data.

Developing software, algorithms and applications to apply mathematics to data.

Performing large scale experimentation and build data driven apps to translate data into intelligence.

Solving a variety of business problems and enable business strategy.

Assisting business with casual inferences & observations with finding patterns and relationships in data.

The ideal candidate will have the following skills in addition to the qualifications listed below:

A strong understanding of internal business segment (stakeholders)

Strong written and communication skills

Expertise in relational database structures, research methods, machine learning, Cloud based technologies, Big Data technologies (i.e. Hadoop , HBase, Lucene/Solr), analytics packages (i.e. R, Mahout, Matlab, Octave, Weka), scripting languages (i.e. Python, Perl), programing languages (i.e. Java, C/C++, SQL).

Willingness to research, study, publish in a variety of forums and to remain on the cutting edge of the state of the art tools, techniques and practices

A degree and/or studies in Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Operation Research, and Statistics or equivalent expertise.

You must possess the below minimum qualifications to be initially considered for this position. Preferred qualifications are in addition to the minimum requirements and are considered a plus factor in identifying top candidates. Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences. This is an entry level position and will be compensated accordingly.

Qualifications

Minimum Requirements

Must possess a Master or PhD in Anthropology, Sociology, Cognitive Psychology, Economics or applicable social sciences) with focused study of technology use in complex and data-intensive environments

1+ years’ experience in

Understanding and communicating the value of Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and data-intensive techniques applied to solve enterprise problems

State of the art tools utilized by different stakeholders across organizations to include data science and data engineering practitioners (e.g., Kafka, Hadoop, Spark, cloud infrastructure, agile, etc.)

Conducting mixed methods studies

Translating complex topics into comprehensible, tailored communications for diverse audiences

Educating teams and organizations in diverse contexts about technology applications and adoption

Preferred Qualifications

Experience working with teams who have transformed to deploy natural language processing, speech, computer vision and predictive modeling

Familiarity with and enthusiasm for learning about computer hardware

Experience with designing metrics

Exceptional, demonstrated customer skills

Entrepreneurial drive

Inside this Business Group

The Client Computing Group is responsible for all aspects of the client computing business across Phone, Phablet, Tablet and PC platforms, leading Intel's efforts to transform client computing through technologies, new form factors, and driving Intel's corporate-wide user experience initiatives. This spans all client device brands including hardware, software and connectivity ingredients for phones, tablets, Ultrabook™, All-in-Ones, 2 in 1 computing devices, and home gateways.

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....
