Digital Services - Sterling, VA - Full Time

*TS or TS/SCI clearance with a fullscope polygraph required*

TechFlow, a 100% employee-owned company, is seeking a senior level Data Scientist to join our government services team. The right candidate enjoys a work environment where being entrepreneurial is expected, where innovation and new ideas happen every day, and where problems are solved by teams of passionate and confident individuals. Our culture thrives on out of the box thinking and the unique powerful expressions of our owners. As a 100% employee-owned company, our owners have an expectation of commitment, accountability for their actions, and responsibility for success. We are a company of individuals who work hard to have an impact and make a difference.

Responsibilities:

Perform explanatory and targeted data analyses, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze historical data and identify patterns.

Identify, develop and oversee application of technical approaches and methodologies for finding structure in large data sets and enabling customer-oriented analytics offerings, this may include:

Analyzing and modeling structured data using advanced statistical methods and implementing algorithms and software needed to perform analyses

Building recommendation engines, classifiers, sentiment analyzers and classifiers for unstructured and semi-structured data

Clustering large amount of user generated content and process data in large-scale environments using Hadoop and Spark

Perform machine learning, natural language, and statistical analysis methods, such as clustering and classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, multivariate regression analysis, statistical inference, neural nets, CART, Random Forest, Bayesian methods, and validation methods

Devise relational and statistical modeling and measuring techniques

Basic Qualifications:

Master's Degree (STEM" Majors, Science, Technology, Engineering and Math preferred)

*TS or TS/SCI clearance with a fullscope polygraph required*

Strong mathematics, statistics, data mining, and modeling skills. Proficiency in key statistical techniques (predictive modeling, logistic regression, decision trees, data mining methods, forecasting, neural networks and other advanced statistical and econometric techniques).

Minimum of 5 years of experience with massive data sets (Big Data), with experience building analytic products. Includes statistical analyses, data visualization, data mining, and data cleansing / transformation.

Full proficiency in conducting analysis and prototyping and developing data mining solutions using analytic software packages, database, visualization, and programming environments (e.g. R, Matlab, SAS, Hadoop / Map-Reduce, Storm, Solr, Mahout; Scripting (Pig, Python, Perl, etc), C/C++, Java etc.) in Big data paradigms.

Ability to work both independently and collaboratively on a team.

Strong oral and written communication skills, particularly with multidisciplinary staff from different organizations/functions. Ability to communicate deep analytical results in forms that resonate with scientific and/or business collaborators, highlighting actionable insights. Demonstrated ability presenting to customers, as well as briefing company senior leadership.

Proven track record for working successfully in a team oriented environment with frequent customer interaction.

Skills relating to excellent organizational, analytical, creative problem-solving, decision-making and leadership; take initiative; self-starter.

Preferred Qualifications:

Entrepreneurial inclination to discover novel opportunities for applying analytical techniques to customer's problems.

Experience with processing large amounts of data in a cloud environment.

Extensive domain knowledge of current commercial capabilities and research and development activities in the data science community.

What we Offer

Established, stable and financially sound mid-tier company focused on growing new exciting opportunities;

Highly engaged management team of seasoned professionals from the Tier 1 contractor community;

Common and collective team-based focus on winning and corporate growth;

Flat organization unencumbered by politics or bureaucracy with significant autonomy to get things done quickly and right;

Company focused on Business Development and success;

Results based incentive program;

100% Employee-ownership and alignment on shared success.

Please Note:

TechFlow is an equal opportunity employer (Minority / Female / Disability / Vets)

Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

U.S. Citizenship is required

Since 1995 TechFlow has been committed to staying ahead of the technology curve. In the world of technology, there are leaders and followers - those catching up, and those who are always ahead. At TechFlow, we are passionate about being "Always Ahead". Our employee ownership drives this entrepreneurial spirit that allows us to deliver impactful ingenuity on a government scale.
