The Underwriting Data Scientist is responsible for identifying, extracting, organizing, storing, analyzing, reporting, and modeling data in support of Underwriting initiatives. Position is responsible for designing and maintaining effective approaches to all group business (Small Group, Large Group, Retro Group, Fully Insured, Administrative Service Only, Stoploss), for finding valuable insights from large, rich datasets from both internal and external sources. Position works jointly with all Underwriting teams, Engineering Services, Actuarial Research, Compliance, Information Services, and outside vendor teams to identify and act on group rating enhancements and analytics to successfully implement the automation of the group rating process and transform data into actionable insights and recommendations in order to meet changing market demands while maintaining financial stability.

Are you ready to make a difference? Choose to work for one of the most trusted companies in Kansas.

Essential Functions

Identify and explore data sources, both internal and external, that improve our knowledge of enrollees and opportunities for enhanced group reporting and analytics.

Organize and maintain databases with group and member data joined across multiple sources.

Analyze data for patterns/trends and develop models that enhance the tracking and prediction of group and member data.

Development of data based deliverables through prediction engines in order to provide data history by specific group and specific type business categories.

In support of efforts to advance our rating approaches, develop a rate change model with formulas that provide means to forecast rating "what if" impacts based on changes to current products/benefits and new or enhanced benefits being reviewed.

Utilizing data sources to construct tools to identify and forecast potential large claims for group rating activities, corporate liability activities and risk adjustment HCC identification.

Sourcing the data that flows into rating processes, including mainframe, clinical, sales and risk scoring data.

Reviewing the rating approach for efficiency and optimization relative to defined benchmarks of stability, competiveness, etc.

Establish a suite of Tableau reporting capabilities for Group Rating Analysts and Sales Reps to use in reviewing and communicating rate quotes and renewal changes.

Design and test rating systems to accommodate production IT&S system changes.

Maintain an expert understanding of vendor analytics software and work with IT resources to ensure the data input, processing, and output are optimal.

Support other Underwriting and Risk Management Department activities as needed.

Must be able to maintain confidentiality.

Regular and predictable attendance is an essential job function as defined by policy.

Must comply with and implement corporate information security policies, standards, and guidelines relative to access control.

Qualifications

Education

Bachelor Degree in technology, mathematics, statistics, risk management, economics, or related field required, with 12 credit hours of computer science and/or math at the calculus level or above, including at least 3 credit hours of statistics where calculus is a prerequisite.

Experience

Three years' experience with technology, statistics, actuarial science, applied mathematics, financial econometrics, or other relevant field is required.

Experience with and an understanding of data warehouse structures, data extraction tools, analytics software and methods, and data modeling is required.

Experience with and knowledge of the healthcare delivery system and the health insurance industry is preferred. Knowledge of actuarial, compliance, information systems, and other health insurance administration concepts and principles is highly preferred.

Understanding of health insurance and clinical data content, structure, potential uses, and shortcomings is highly preferred.

Skills

Ability to identify and make sense of rich data sources, manage large amounts of data, merge datasets, ensure consistency of datasets, graphically portray data to gain insights, build statistical models, understand data and model shortcomings, and effectively communicate findings.

Must possess advanced analytical, problem solving, and research skills.

Adept at programming with SQL, and capable of learning computer programming languages.

Ability to understand the capabilities, limitations, and characteristics of the corporate data systems and build relationships with experts throughout the company.

Ability to work with statistical software applications, such as R, SAS, or Minitab.

Skilled with Microsoft Word, Excel, and Access.

Ability to understand and build solutions that recognize a variety of distinct rating requirements for different insurance markets.

Ability to create and maintain rating output databases and produce actionable insight and visualization capabilities from those data stores, for management reporting and process improvement.

Must effectively use interpersonal and communications skills with tact and diplomacy. This position maintains interaction with vendors and employees throughout the company. Requires ability to communicate with vendors, all levels of staff in clear language and with data visualizations to ensure understanding.

Collaboration skills in working closely with Actuarial Research in forecasting of large group rating and retrospective reserves.

Must have excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to convince and defend the reasonability of research findings and process designs to a wide array of both technical and non-technical persons.

Must maintain and grow knowledge, skills and abilities in rating theories, practices and technologies, underwriting analysis, and risk management.

Ability to make decisions using independent judgment and creativity to resolve issues and overcome roadblocks.

Must be proficient at advancing multiple projects simultaneously and prioritizing activities based on immediate business needs.

Must be able to effectively mentor Group Rating staff when applicable. The ability to work amicably with support staff, senior management, other employees, and vendor staff is expected.

Ability to collaborate with team members, sharing knowledge and embracing feedback.

Ability to creatively think outside the box and look for new ideas around improving underwriting performance and operational efficiency.

Must have strong project management skills.

Compensation

Salaried

$90,664

$113,330

$135,996

Posting Close Date

July 25, 2019

Pay Rate Type

Salary
