ABOUT HOPPER

At Hopper, we’re on a mission to make booking travel faster, easier, and more transparent. We are leveraging the power that comes from combining massive amounts of data and machine learning to build the world’s fastest-growing travel app - one that enables our customers to save money and travel more. With over $235M CAD in funding from leading investors in both Canada and the US, Hopper is primed to continue its path toward becoming the go-to way to book travel as the world continues its shift to mobile.

Recognized as the fastest-growing travel app by Forbes and one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company two years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 35 million times and has helped travelers plan over 100 million trips and counting. The app has received high praise in the form of mobile accolades such as the Google Play Award for Standout Startup of 2016 and Apple’s App Store Best of 2015.

Take off with us!

THE ROLE

At Hopper, every dataset tells a story. Do you have what it takes to decipher the clues? bit.ly/2q6U8dq

We’re looking for a data-savvy individual to join our team as a data scientist, to support data-centric product development and create consumer-focused research content based on our real-time feed of billions of flight search results along with an archive of several trillion data points.

You may be a great fit for our team if you are excited about exploring huge (and sometimes messy) data sets and finding effective ways to simplify and communicate the results to a non-technical audience.

IN THIS ROLE, YOU WILL:

Frame and conduct complex exploratory analyses needed to deepen our understanding of our users. Partner with product, business and strategy teams to contribute to product improvements and initiatives

Use machine learning and big data tools on tremendously large and complex data to deepen our data-driven advice and personalized modeling

Conduct research into various aspects of our business and employ statistical and modeling techniques when appropriate to make recommendations to non-technical stakeholders

A QUALIFIED CANDIDATE HAS:

A degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or other quantitative disciplines

Extremely strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Proven ability to communicate complex technical work to a non-technical audience

A strong passion for and extensive experience in conducting empirical research and answering hard questions with data

Experience with relational databases and SQL, especially Hive

Experience working with extremely large data sets

Experience in Pandas, R, SAS or other tools appropriate for large scale data preparation and analysis

Experience with data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms

Proficiency with Unix/Linux environments

BENEFITS

Well-funded and proven startup with large ambitions, competitive salary and stock options

Dynamic and entrepreneurial team where pushing limits is everyday business

100% employer paid medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance plans

Access to a 401k (Boston) or Retirement Savings Plan (Montreal)

Easy commute with a paid-for public transportation or parking pass

IATA Travel Agent Card for discounts in the travel industry

Fully stocked kitchen with: coffee/tea, beer, bagels and snacks (both healthy and not-healthy)

In Cambridge, work in a historic factory building near Kendall Square; in Montreal, work in an artist’s loft in the Mile End

Team lunches, off-site activities and much more!
