The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve data science and data visualization capabilities for a intelligence community (IC) client. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle.

You’ll lead a team of practitioners with data science and data visualization skills to structure the team to best suit client needs. This position provides an opportunity to set the course and direction for all data-driven mechanism for the client office. You’ll have an opportunity to use visualization software, develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into supporting material for analytic products. The data generated will assist our clients with making informed, evidence-based, decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the IC.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.

You Have:

10+ years of experience with performing quantitative and qualitative analysis

Experience with performing functional analyses of organizations, mission effectiveness, or business processes

Knowledge of statistical and operations research methods and tools

Ability to employ spreadsheets for data manipulation and visualization

TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph

BA or BS degree in Operations Research, Engineering, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Data Analytics, Risk Management, or Economics

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance with polygraph is required.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
