JobID: 373698 Johnson Service Group is recruiting for an NLP Data Scientist II for a 6 month contract for a great client of ours in Tampa, FL. ****ALL APPLICANTS MUST BE ELIGIBLE TO WORK IN THE US WITHOUT SPONSORSHIP**** The Natural Language Processing (NLP) Data Scientist II will be responsible for combining knowledge of cognitive science, natural language processing, computer science, machine learning, programming, data modeling, and simulation to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and make valuable discoveries from large unstructured data sources within a team environment. Specifically, 1) Design novel approaches to approximate disease events such as treatment response and recurrence, 2) Identify NLP approaches for the usage and application of warehoused data, 3) Integrating large and varied datasets, and 4) Communicating NLP results to investigators The Ideal Candidate Experience extracting and managing data using NLP Experience with NLP of data within the electronic medical record (EMR) system (Cerner) preferred. Experience working with biological data, healthcare administrative datasets, and/or electronic medical record (EMR) systems and data to build and evaluate computational models. Excellent communication ability Responsibilities: Manages (with minimal guidance) the daily workflow of multiple NLP projects Responsible for communicating project progress, timely submission of data and related reports including providing support for manuscript submission and grant applications. Writes own code, finds errors, corrects and validates output and results. Performs complex NLP programming for parsing, data transposition and data merging. Provides input to junior staff members. Collaborates with researchers, physicians and members of other core facilities to utilize health informatics approaches. Credentials and Qualifications: M.S degree in core field of study or Medical Informatics, Biomedical Informatics, Health Informatics, Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, or related discipline AND a minimum of 5 years’ experience in the following: NLP activities using public and commercial software packages, experience extracting and managing data using NLP. Experience with NLP of data within the electronic medical record (EMR) system (Cerner) preferred. Experience working with biological data, healthcare administrative datasets, and/or electronic medical record (EMR) systems and data to build and evaluate computational models. Knowledge of oncology-specific informatics is preferable. Must have the ability to establish and maintain effective collaborative research relationships with others and to contribute to ongoing research projects requiring medical informatics support and communicate clearly verbally and in writing. Apply directly or send resume to Chris at cbrien@jsginc.com #D600
