About ECRI Institute

ECRI Institute is an independent, nonprofit organization improving the safety, quality, and cost effectiveness of care across all healthcare settings. The combination of evidence-based research, medical device testing, and knowledge of patient safety makes ECRI uniquely respected by healthcare leaders and agencies worldwide. For more than 50 years, ECRI Institute has had an unwavering dedication to transparency and strict conflict-of-interest policies. The organization has earned a reputation as the trusted voice of unbiased, research-based assurance for tens of thousands of members around the world using its solutions to minimize risk and improve patient care.

ECRI Institute has the only medical device testing labs in North America and the Asia Pacific where bio-engineers conduct hands-on independent device testing for safety and human factors usability. ECRI Institute is designated an Evidence-based Practice Center by the U.S. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. ECRI Institute PSO is listed as a federally certified Patient Safety Organization by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

Senior Data Scientist

Work with data, math, statistics and machine learning to continue ECRI Institute’s 50-year mission of advancing effective evidence-based healthcare worldwide. Partner closely with IT Platform & Software Engineers and our respected and accomplished business partners, all working onsite at ECRI’s scenic suburban world headquarters in Plymouth Meeting, PA. Benefit from a healthy work-life balance while staying on the leading edge of technology and thriving in an innovative startup-like culture minus the risk. Sleep well knowing you are helping achieve a world where safe, high-quality healthcare is accessible to everyone.

Duties

Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.

Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.

Gather and document business requirements.

Support and work with cross-functional teams.

Support bug fixes and implement enhancements to existing systems.

Participate in team meetings and code reviews.

Adhere to ECRI platform, standards, and best practices.

Work independently and within a team when needed.

Mentor other data scientists and IT members in data science.

Participate in personal growth opportunities.

Qualifications

Education

Bachelor/Master’s degree in Computer Science, Statistics or related major or equivalent professional experience.

Minimum Requirements

Experience with Machine Learning.

5-7 years hands on experience in at least three relevant modern languages and frameworks such as: Python, MATLAB, Perl, SQL, Hive, Pig, or Spark.

Experience with data modeling and big data analytics.

Experience with data pipelines and an understanding of maintaining data provenance.

Experience pipelining data from various sources such as restful APIs, databases and raw text.

Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, especially: Kafka, Cassandra, hbase.

Understanding of business analytics tool such as: Tableau, Power BI or QlikView.

Understanding of math, statistics, data visualization, and predicative modeling.

Interest in mastering frameworks such as Keras, Theano and Tensorflow.

Ability to work with CPU or GPU optimized libraries such as cuDNN or MIOpen.

Ability to build software supply chain integrated pipelines with software such as AirFlow.

Familiarity with creating and prototyping with Jupyter.

Critical Skills

Communicate effectively, present findings, communicate complex ideas, translate data into an understandable document, learn from others, and adopt standards.

Clean, massage, organize and analyze large amounts of data delivering facts, figures, and numbers to find conclusions and actionable recommendations to business groups.

Troubleshoot and effectively diagnose and fix problems.

Attention to detail.

Beneficial Additional Knowledge and Skills (not required):

Familiarity with DevOps technologies such as Containers, Kubernetes, Chef, Puppet, Ansible.

Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines.

EHR interop skills.

Healthcare business experience.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

N (Not Applicable)

Activity is not applicable to this position.

O (Occasionally)

Position requires this activity up to 33% of the time (0 - 2.5+ hrs./day)

F (Frequently)

Position requires this activity from 33% - 66% of the time (2.5 - 5.5+ hrs./day)

C (Constantly)

Position requires this activity more than 66% of the time (5.5+ hrs./day)

Physical Demands

Stand

O Lift/Carry

Walk

F 10 lbs. or less O

Sit

C 11-20 lbs. N

Manually Manipulate

C 21-50 lbs. N

Grasp

O 51-100 lbs. N

Reach Outward

O Over 100 lbs. N

Reach Above Shoulder

N

Speak

C Push/Pull

Climb

N 12 lbs. or less N

Crawl

N 13-25 lbs. N

Squat or Kneel

N 26-40 lbs. N

Bend

N 41-100 lbs.

Other Physical Requirements

Vision (Near)

WORK ENVIRONMENT

Typical Office Environment

Equal Opportunity Employer-Disability and Veteran
