Immediate need for talented a Data Scientist that brings experience in the investment banking industry/domain. These are 12-18 month contract opportunities located in downtown NYC. If interested, please respond with the most current version of your resume referencing 19-20852 in the subject line. For information on similar positions, please refer to the website below or simply request this info when sending replying with your resume. Hourly rate is $71.61/hr W2. H1B transfer with GC processing okay. Key Responsibilities: Tops 3 skills: Python Database Informatica/ ETL The successful candidate will have a proven track record of designing and developing medium-to-large scale, high performance, multi-tier applications. They will have worked as part of a team that leverages modern architectures and agile development practices. The team is looking to add to it's depth and talent with a senior level hands-on data scientist, who is not only skilled in data architecture but also data movement. Required Qualifications - Strong knowledge and experience of Python, traditional RDBMS and No-SQL products - Strong knowledge and experience of SQL and ETL technologies - Experience with automated unit testing and related concepts such as dependency injection - Practical experience working in an Agile environment - Strong written and verbal communication skills - Good grasp of common patterns supporting scalability, concurrency, consistency, availability and supportability. Desirable - Knowledge of equities and/or prime brokerage / securities finance a plus - Knowledge of the trade lifecycle (Trading, Middle Office, Settlements) a plus - Understanding of messaging middleware and patterns (MQ, Tibco etc) Regards, Mary Martini DIVERSANT LLC Recruiting Manager 61 Broadway Suite 1702 New York, NY 10006 mmartini@diversant.com View all of our open job requirements on our home page http://www.diversant.com under *Job Search*. If you know any IT Professionals who are looking for new job opportunities, please pass along my contact information! DIVERSANT (diversant.com) is one of the largest minority-owned IT staffing firms in the U.S. We offer rewarding career opportunities with many of the nation’s leading corporations. Our experienced recruiters understand what hiring managers look for in a candidate and provide our applicants with the proper support and guidance along the entire application and interviewing process. We offer opportunities on a contingent, contract-to-hire, and direct hire basis. At DIVERSANT, we are committed to providing the highest level of service and satisfaction to our customers, consultants, and employees. DIVERSANT provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, DIVERSANT complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.
