JOB DESCRIPTION:NORC at the University of Chicago is seeking a Data Scientist to support a diverse range of research projects. At NORC, Data Scientists play a strategic role in partnering with our research teams to produce valuable insights for our clients. They work collaboratively in multi-disciplinary teams to help drive innovative solutions. Data Scientists develop and implement algorithms, models, and work flows to extract information from disparate structured and unstructured datasets, including text, image, and audio data. They also design studies for causal inference, create applications for data scientific workflows, and communicate research findings to both specialist and general audiences.DEPARTMENT: CESRCESR is a research center at NORC that focuses on methodological innovations in social research. At CESR, you’ll work with a dynamic, vibrant, and multidisciplinary team of researchers, with expertise ranging from statistics, survey methodology, and data science to public policy and program evaluation.CESR helps to identify and share best practices – both internally and externally – across the continuum of research design and implementation at NORC. To accomplish its mission, CESR conducts timely, state-of-the-art statistical and methodological research on survey and evaluation designs, estimation methods, as well as advanced analytics with data from disparate sources such as survey, administrative, and other unstructured data. CESR researchers partner with colleagues and work on projects housed in every research department at NORC to encourage innovation and the adoption of industry best practices in our methodologies. External clients benefit from CESR’s expertise by working directly with CESR or through a multidisciplinary collaboration with NORC’s research departments in health, education, criminal justice, economics, and other fields.RESPONSIBILITIES:As a Data Scientist in CESR, you’lldevelop programs for data transformation, integration, or reduction;prototype and ship production-grade applications for (among others) data coding, entity resolution, predictive analytics, data visualization, data dashboards, and report generation;perform custom data analysis to support all phases of the data collection and research pipeline;design and implement research plans for program evaluation, using both experimental and quasi-experimental methods;participate in business development, including researching and crafting sections of technical proposals;coordinate and conduct internal data science presentations and workshops;communicate research findings to colleagues, clients, and research peers across a range of media;keep current with innovations and trends in data science and survey methodology.REQUIRED SKILLS:An advanced (Masters or above) degree in one of the following fields is required: math, statistics, computer science, data science, or a social science or public policy related field.At least five years’ experience in positions of increasing responsibility in a research or data analysis role, which may include graduate-level training at the PhD level or equivalent experience in applied research, is required.Proficiency in statistics and statistical methods (e.g. probability, regression, generalized linear models) is required.Proficiency in at least one of R or Python and their packages for data manipulation, visualization, statistics, and machine learning is required.Experience in communicating scientific research to both specialist and general audiences is required.Familiarity with methods for causal inference, including the potential outcomes framework, experimental design, and quasi-experimental designs (e.g. difference-in-differences, instrumental variables, regression discontinuity), is preferred.Experience in conducting original research – either independently or as a member of a research group or lab – including research design, novel data collections, data analysis, and preparation of papers, posters, or other presentations, is preferred.Familiarity with areas of data science such as multi-level modeling, machine learning (e.g. methods for regularization, classification, and clustering), natural language processing (text pre-processing, text classification, named entity recognition, etc.), computer vision (e.g. image classification, image object detection), or deep learning libraries is preferred.Familiarity with Bayesian estimation and software for Bayesian inference (e.g. JAGS, Stan) is preferred.Experience with version control workflows and tools (e.g. Git), databases (e.g. SQL), big data technologies (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc.), and cloud computing environments (e.g. AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, etc.) is preferred.Familiarity and interest in social scientific and public policy research, as well as applications of data scientific methods to such research, is preferred.In your application, please include:A cover letter that speaks to the required and preferred skills listed above;A resume;Sample work (e.g. research papers, code, data visualizations), either as an attachment or as a link to an online portfolio.The application deadline is November 15, 2019, but applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.WHAT WE DO:NORC at the University of Chicago is an objective, non-partisan research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic, business, and policy decisions. Since 1941, our teams have conducted groundbreaking studies, created and applied innovative methods and tools, and advanced principles of scientific integrity and collaboration. Today, government, corporate, and nonprofit clients around the world partner with us to transform increasingly complex information into useful knowledge.WHO WE ARE:For over 75 years, NORC has evolved in many ways, moving the needle with research methods, technical applications and groundbreaking research findings. But our tradition of excellence, passion for innovation, and commitment to collegiality have remained constant components of who we are as a brand, and who each of us is as a member of the NORC team. With world-class benefits, a business casual environment, and an emphasis on continuous learning, NORC is a place where people join for the stellar research and analysis work for which we’re known, and stay for the relationships they form with their colleagues who take pride in the impact their work is making on a global scale.EEO STATEMENT: NORC is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer that values and actively seeks diversity in the workforce. NORC evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and other legally- protected characteristics.
