Title Data Scientist Research Programmer Overview of RAND The RAND Corporation is a research organization that develops solutions to public policy challenges to help make communities throughout the world safer and more secure, healthier and more prosperous. RAND’s research and analysis address issues that impact people everywhere, including security, health, education, sustainability, growth, and development. Headquartered in Santa Monica, California, RAND has close to 1,850 people from approximately 50 countries working in offices in North America, Europe, and Australia, with annual revenues of more than $315 million. RAND is nonprofit, nonpartisan, and committed to the public interest. Our research is sponsored by government agencies, international organizations, and foundations. We rely on philanthropic support to pursue visionary ideas; address critical problems that are under-researched; and devise innovative approaches for solving acute, complex, or provocative policy challenges. RAND values objectivity and integrity in both its research processes and internal interactions. We emphasize a collegial environment that respects the contributions and dignity of all staff. Position Description Responsibilities Work as a member of research teams to identify and answer important research questions Acquire a strong understanding of research topics and a thorough knowledge of the data and programming efforts involved Answer research questions by using appropriate data analytic techniques Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources Communicate findings to both technical and non-technical staff Qualifications Basic Qualifications Expert knowledge of programming languages such as Python or R Experience working with distributed computing tools like Spark or Hadoop Experience with cloud platform providers like Amazon Web Services or Microsoft Azure Experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data mining Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions using quantitative methods A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision The successful candidate will be a highly motivated self-starter with the ability to solve data analysis problems independently Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner Education Requirements BA/BS in Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, or related field required; MA/MS preferred. Experience 2 years minimum relavant experience required, 3 or more years relevant experience preferred Security Clearance This position requires a security clearance or the ability to obtain one. Location Santa Monica, CA; Washington D.C.; Pittsburgh, PA; Boston, MA Positions Open Multiple
