Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.Online Safety is a team that works to protect Facebook's most vulnerable groups. We want to make sure that people are not placing themselves in danger as a result of their activity on Facebook, and on the flip side, people are not using Facebook as a means of threatening or carrying out threats against others. We're looking for a Data Scientist to help us get a deep understanding of how these groups of people use Facebook, analyze current safety trends and develop solutions to detect and mitigate risk. You will enjoy working with one of the strongest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights being used to protect people. The perfect candidate will have a background in a quantitative or technical field and experience in data-driven decision making. Beyond technical skills, you need to pay attention to detail and the ability to effectively present results. You need to be focused on impact, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product. This is a full-time position located at our headquarters in Menlo Park, CA.Required SkillsConduct exploratory analysis of safety cases in order to identify trends in abuse ecosystems by defining and evaluating metrics of user behaviorLead quantitative analysis projects from start to finish including all aspects of data analysis (e.g. processing, cleaning, verifying the integrity of data used for analysis, statistical analysis, visualizations) and communicating resultsPartner with engineers and cross-functional teams to turn analyses into opportunities to detect and mitigate future safety riskSupport the creation of predictive models for automated detection systems (from feature selection to building and optimization of machine-learning models)Measure the performance of safety campaigns and programs by building dashboards and reportsExplore additional data sources that can be used to help identify new opportunities to signal bad actor behavior Job Requirements Minimum qualificationBA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field2+ years of post-college work in a quantitative roleExperience in SQL or other programming languages. Some development experience in at least one scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)Understanding of statistical analysisExperience with a statistical package such as R, Python, etc.Experience working cross-functionally and is able to translate technical content to a general audiencePreferred qualificationExperience in a similar role and at an Internet-based companyAdvanced degreesPassion for protecting the most vulnerable users on Facebook with deep interest in understanding user behavior and utilizing data to mitigate safety riskFacebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
