Comcast Spotlight, the advertising sales division of Comcast Cable, helps put the power of cable to use for local, regional and national advertisers. It is focused on providing multi-platform marketing solutions to reach audiences most effectively and efficiently. Headquartered in New York with offices throughout the country, Comcast Spotlight has a presence in nearly 80 markets with approximately 35 million owned and represented subscribers. Comcast Spotlight offers clients easy-to-buy, easy-to-execute options customized around their business goals. We work with clients to provide them with customized, multi-screen media marketing solutions that utilize our suite of products in the way that's best suited to meet their objectives. Our media solutions provide advertisers with the ability to reach, engage and connect with their customers viewing content on any device or screen. The Sr. Data Scientist Role will contribute significantly to the team's support advanced advertising initiatives within Comcast. The role will lead the strategic development of scientific methodologies and predictive models, spanning across Linear, Digital and Video-on-Demand Platforms. Additionally, the Sr. Data Scientist will work closely with Engineering and Research teams to lead complex projects in support of advanced advertising offerings, while partnering with colleagues to ensure proper implementation & usage of algorithms. As a Data Scientist, you will:- Design and develop a data science platform to manage data, train, evaluate, deploy models, make predictions, and monitor predictions.- Lead complex data science programs that designs solutions across one or more technologies and one or more data sources.- Lead development and implementation of scalable scientific solutions for the forecasting of advertisement audiences, currencies and inventories. Manage challenges associated with investigating and understanding large datasets, and building models based on Big Data solutions.- Proactively problem solve and identify areas of improvement to guide development of industry leading tools.- Educate other departments on data science methodologies, concepts and algorithmic advancements.- Define data strategy and data processes through complex analysis of rich streams of unstructured data to find correlations between events and identify opportunities to optimize defined desired outcomes- Develop data mining, machine learning, statistical and graph-based algorithms designed to analyze massive data sets for business insights.- Develop system that supports traditional ML models, time series forecasting, and deep learning- Develop methodologies that align with industry standards, incorporating key calculations and measurements of audiences.- Work both independently and collaboratively with other technology and research team members to state business problems clearly, identify solutions and deliver datasets to clients that enable insights into consumer behavior.- Evaluate data accuracy, completeness, timeliness and stability to establish repeatable, sustainable processes to maintain- Exemplify a comfort in manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.- Ensure alignment of Advanced Analytics activities with other Work Processes and Teams.Requirements for success as a Data Scientist:- Deep understanding of statistical modeling and data mining concepts, and established experience in programmatically solving problems with these methods.- Excellent written and verbal communication skills (i.e. the ability to communicate complex analysis with clarity and precision)- Minimum of a Bachelors degree required. Masters degree preferred in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math. PhD is a plus.- Generally requires 7-11 years of relevant academic/industry experience.- Familiar with statistical modeling tools such as Python, R, Matlab, etc.- Proficient in one or more programming languages such as Java and/or C#.- Knowledge and experience of working with SQL and NoSQL databases- Proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analysis, predictive analytics, and optimization algorithms Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer
