Responsibilities/Qualification MacB is looking for an exceptional data scientist to synthesize and leverage our Department of Defense (DoD) customers massive variety of datasets. You will leverage knowledge of requirements analysis, installation, integration, programming, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and diagnosis or resolution. In addition, you will support requirements including software development, software integration, statistical analysis, modeling, and simulation all in a rapid DevOps environment. Ability to sync across functional teams, ensuring data science is supporting mission-focused analytic teams and work with rapid prototyping teams on site to deploy new data science capabilities through existing or new toolsets. Data Scientist job responsibilities Responsible for developing strategic vision and technical requirements for special IT programs required by DoD current and legacy systems. Support development of programs, portfolio consolidation, enterprise architecture design, and cloud migration strategies. Lead data, data analytics, and Artificial Intelligence (AI) requirements. Experience with AI tools such as TensorFlow, IBM's OpenFlow, Dialogflow. Direct team performing data mining by utilizing latest state-of-the-art processes. Undertaking innovative methods of data collection building information that is relevant to create analytic systems. Master’s Degree in Information Systems or Engineering from an accredited college or university. A minimum of 10 years of experience in supporting DoD systems network architecture and design. Exceptional at visualizing and communicating data. Good knowledge of applied statistical skills such as statistical testing, analysis, distributions, regression, mathematical, etc. Minimum TS/SCI clearance level required. Experienced in working in a team environment and participating in network engineering technical activities throughout the project life cycle and maintaining a close technical involvement with all contributing organizations (both internal and external). Demonstrated experience in leading small to large size projects. . #CJMB Security Clearance SCI Eligible Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more informationU.S. Citizenship Required.
