When you’re the best, we’re the best. We instill an environment where employees feel engaged, satisfied and able to contribute their unique skills and talents. We provide extensive opportunities for personal and professional development, building both employee competence and organizational capability to fuel exceptional performance now and in the future. Summary: Sg2, a Vizient company, revolutionized the understanding of future health care demand with the introduction of the Impact of Change forecast in 2001. Today, Sg2 is the industry’s premier health care strategy advisory firm, helping organizations solve for the challenge of achieving smart growth by leveraging our unique combination of insights, expertise, and analytics. Headquartered in Skokie, IL, with offices in Denver and Los Angeles, Sg2 serves health care providers across the spectrum, including integrated delivery networks, academic medical centers, independent community hospitals and life sciences companies. Learn more about Sg2 at www.sg2.com In this role, you will conduct sophisticated data analysis to help address critical business and member questions. You will communicate findings from exploratory and predictive data analysis to varied audiences and respond to requests for analysis. Responsibilities: Generate hypotheses and analyze data to test and interpret results. Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex, disparate data sources to recognize patterns and identify member opportunities. Identify improvement opportunities in reporting and analysis tools and collaborate with product development team to implement enhancements. Build acumen across all analytic roles in the organization. Serve as the resident data expert and share best practices/approaches for statistics, machine learning techniques, data modeling, simulation and advanced mathematics. Develop and maintain relationships with key internal stakeholders and members. Qualifications: Relevant degree preferred. Master’s degree a plus. 5 or more years of relevant work experience required. Proficient programming experience using Python/R/SQL required. Experience analyzing large healthcare (claims, clinical, supplier and economic) data required. Demonstrated ability to manage large disparate data sets and using quantitative and qualitative analysis required. Demonstrated ability to translate complex technical language clearly and concisely. Equal Opportunity Employer: Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities The Company is committed to equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants without regard to race, religion, color, gender identity, ethnicity, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability status, veteran status or any other category protected by applicable law.
