Job Number: 10202
Group: Cosma International
Division: Kamtek Casting
Job Type: Permanent/Regular
Location: Birmingham

Group Description

Cosma provides a comprehensive range of body, chassis and engineering solutions to global customers. Through our robust product engineering, outstanding tooling capabilities and diverse process expertise, we continue to bring lightweight and innovative products to market.
Company Overview
KAMTEK is a premier Tier 1, automotive manufacturing supplier that specializes in Class “A” Stamping, Assembly and High Pressure Die Casting that produces Body-side and Door Openings, Roofs, Floor Pans, Wheelhouses, Large Welded Assemblies, Doors, Fenders, Hoods, Lift-gates, Aluminum Shock Towers, and Aluminum Rear Rails. Our capabilities include the manufacturing of Class “A” Body Panels along with Medium/Large Stampings, Large Assemblies and Aluminum Stampings and Assemblies, and Aluminum High Pressure Vacuum Die Casting to our Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) such as Mer­cedes Benz, Volkswagen, Kia, Hyundai, Nissan, BMW and Freightliner. As a local distributor and supplier, Kamtek’ s market segmentation to Cosma International, (a division of MAGNA INTERNATIONAL) provides a “state-of-the-art” product that utilizes the most technologically advanced Pressing processes in order to maintain a competitive advantage to other OEM’s within the market. Our company’s culture of team spirit & mutual respect with a focus on fair treatment helps us to embrace our multi-cultural affiliation with Magna International, and supports our mission through process efficiency and competitive product pricing. Furthermore, the culture at Kamtek focuses on Job Security, with employees being given the opportunity for continuous training, advancement within the skill/trade, and potential for growth within our safe work environment. We offer Employee Equity and Profit Participation programs which increase our employees’ ownership within the company. Kamtek, part of Cosma International and a division of Magna International, represents the most diversified automotive supplier in the world. We design, develop and manufacture automotive systems, assemblies, modules and components, and engineer and assemble complete vehicles, primarily for sale to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of cars and light trucks in our three geographic segments - North America, Europe, and the Rest of the World (primarily Asia, South America and Africa). Our capabilities include the design, engineering, testing and manufacture of automotive interior systems; seating systems; closure systems; metal body & chassis systems; mirror systems; exterior systems; roof systems; electronic systems; powertrain systems as well as complete vehicle engineering and assembly. We are a leading global automotive supplier with 347 manufacturing operations and 92 product development, engineering and sales centres in 28 countries. We have over 168,000 employees focused on delivering superior value to our customers through innovative processes and World Class Manufacturing.
Role Summary
The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The ideal candidate is an experienced data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The Data Engineer will support our team on data initiatives and will ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing our division’s data architecture to support our next generation of products and data initiatives
Key Responsibilities
1. Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,

2.Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.

3.Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.

4.Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS ‘big data’ technologies.

5.Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.

6.Work with stakeholders including the Executive, Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs.

7.Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and AWS regions.

8.Create data tools for analytics and team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.

9.Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.

10.Perform other duties as required.
Key Qualifications/Requirements
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
Strong project management and organizational skills.
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc
Knowledge and Education
EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree in computer science, information technology, or applied math

TECHNICAL TRAINING: data engineering certifications like IBM Certified Data Engineer or Google's Certified Professional

EXPERIENCE: Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment. We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. They should also have experience using the following software/tools: •Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
