At BAE Systems, we promote a strong, collaborative culture and provide our employees with the tools and skills they need to succeed. We are all about trust, camaraderie and a shared ambition to lead the world in defense technologies and national security services. We offer flexible work environment to support the balance in your life and keep you performing at your best. Be a part of a company that is part of the community, driven to improve our future, protect our freedom – and what matters.We are seeking a Data Science Instructor with Geospatial Analysis, Python Scripting, and Podium Instruction experience. In this role you will deliver in-resident and distance learning instructional programs in accordance with course requirements:• Using instructional methods such as, guided discussions, lectures, demonstrations, small group exercises, seminars, workshops, and laboratories.• Using Instructional technology, including but not limited to Blackboard. Conducts assessment strategy in accordance with the course design, including instructor observation, testing, and grading.• Providing formal and informal student feedback.• Providing subject matter expertise throughout the curriculum creation process, including content review and feedback to development staff. Relevant instructional experience includes, but is not limited to, experience developing and delivering technical training and educational courses in academic, commercial, government, or industrial organizations.Typical Education & Experience Typically a Bachelor's Degree and 4 years work experience or equivalent experienceRequired Skills and Education • Must have a current and active TS/SCI with the ability to obtain a Poly.• Minimum Teaching Experience: 4 years' relevant experience as an on-podium trainer/instructor for class sizes up to 20 personnel.• Minimum SME Experience: 10 years' relevant experience Demonstrate working knowledge of the principle of guided exercises.• Possess a working knowledge of Python Scripting and R Project for Statistical Computing.• Possess a working knowledge of Relational Databases and NoSQL Databases.• Possess a working knowledge of Statistics and modeling, to include visualization techniques and how to implement it throughout the DoD or the Intelligence Community.• Proven working knowledge of the principles of learning styles, student feedback, and immediacy behaviors affect student satisfaction.• Working knowledge of multiple communication strategies and student-center environment.• Proven working knowledge of agencies within the IC and the Department of Defense (DoD).• Proven working knowledge of Tasking, Collection, Processing, Exploitation and Dissemination (TCPED).• Demonstrated fundamental knowledge of the principles and applications of imagery interpretation, digital image processing systems, collections, and sensor phenomenology.• Demonstrated strong working knowledge of ARCGIS software and extensions as well as DoD, Federal, and Commercial data sources, standards, and models.• Provide systems and data checkout, classroom set up, material handling, and other administrative support• Proven excellent writing and briefing skills including command of grammar and business communications style, i.e. the ability to convey ideas clearly and concisely.• Knowledge of Instructional Systems Design (ISD) as well as knowledge in the development and implementation of course materials, and how to make those course materials ISD compliant.• Proven experience with MS Office and associated software tools, e.g., Microsoft PowerPoint, Word, and Excel.About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. That’s BAE Systems. That’s Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.
