No C2C No sponsorship Ideal Candidate: A person recently graduated with their PhD in, preferability but not limited to, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Clinical Informatics or Engineering. Does dissertation work involve the use of Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Programming, GIS and NLP. Wants to make a positive change in the world working with a team of other Data Scientist. Also has a strong technology background in R, Python, SAS, SQL and noSQL. Preferred Skills but not required: Experience working with clinical data. Experience working with big data, real-time or near-real-time data, and big data platforms. Responsibilities: Participate in requirement gathering, planning, technical design, and implementation for data science projects. Provide level of effort and schedule estimates to help with project planning. Serve as project owner/manager for one or more data science projects. Serve as a local expert in one or more technical areas related to data analytics. Work both independently and in small teams to develop data analytic solutions. May mentor junior data scientists and may occasionally provide work direction and/or supervise staff such as subordinates, contractors, vendors, students, etc. Work with both clinical and research data while keeping PHI exposure to a need-only basis. Adhere to and contribute to the development of best practices for Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, Data Mining, and Big Data Management and Analytics. Share knowledge and be a good team player. Performs other duties as assigned by the Lead Data Scientist. Keywords: SQL, Python, Software, HTML , Javascript , IT, Tech, work, jobs, ohio, HTTP , T-SQL, Groovy, PhD, Columbus, Fortran, Interactive Data Language (IDL), Univa Grid Engine (UGE), Matlab, R, Arcgis, Python, SAS, Bash, Latex, Dimension Reduction, Bayesian Statistics, Remote Sensing, Network analysis, Regression analysis, Machine learning, Spatial statistics, Data Visualization. Job Requirements Requirements: PhD in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Clinical Informatics, Engineering (PhD in others fields will be considered) or Masters Degree WITH 5+ years of experience. 1+ years of data manipulation and analysis experience using R, SAS, SQL, noSQL, Python or Java etc; more experience is a plus. 1+ years of data analytics experience in one or more of the following areas: Statistical Modeling, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Geospatial Analytics; more experience is a plus. Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills enabling effective interaction with all levels of the organization and external contacts.
