Data Scientist - Ph.D Statistics Ph.D required with concentration on Statistics highly preferred Columbus, Ohio Relocation is available for folks with a great background! No third parties or corp-to-corp Do you consider yourself a Data Scientist? Do you have a minimum of 4 years experience working with Big Data and providing predictive analytics strategy in a large environment? Do you have a Ph.D with Statistics as your concentration? Do you love statistics and the manipulation of data? Do you have a minimum 4+ years of demonstrated Predictive Data analysis and statistical modeling experience? Do you have a solid experience with Python and "R" or statistical software development background? Are you experienced with enterprise level process and procedures? Do you love solving problems with large amounts of data and consider it to be the vertical you seek? This opportunity with one of Columbus, Ohio's best known enterprises may be a great option for you to consider. You will be working on a truly collaborative team and helping to strategically mentor and provide expertise to their organization. There are no individuals. Teamwork is tantamount to success in this environment. The Big Data environment and infrastructure has been built out over the last 18 mos. and they are ready to start analyzing and reporting! Culture on this team is one of kindness and compassion. They are looking to add very smart and confident people to the team that know when to seek advice. This is a very important and rewarding role which opened up due to growth. Is this you? Company: Extremely friendly and employee-centric atmosphere Lots of room for growth, development, educational opportunities New development Always use the latest / emerging technologies Work/Life balance Company paid Pension Health insurance Dental insurance Vision insurance Paid Time Off Paid holidays Position: Statistical analysis and predictive modeling using "R" Python Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing techniques Algorithms Always working with the latest / emerging technologies Design and develop solutions to meet business requirements Deploy cutting-edge technology solutions Big Data is where they are right now! Work with product, project, and technical owners Next steps: Please call me, also send me your resume: Tom Gaebelein 440.627.6925 *OR* 614.246.8512 tom @ emeraldresourcegroup.com Job Requirements Must Have Requirements: Must have 4+ years of experience in Data Scienceand both analysis and modeling is a must have (the more the better!) PhD students/recent grads can count your degree as requisite years. PhD degrees are required, but Master's or Bachelor's will be considered with 5+ practical/paid working experience (Statistics and/or Computer Science) Healthcare-centric experience with documented examples of success preferred Python and R experience highly desirable Statistical software experience (or equivalent) Machine Learning algorithms expertise
