Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.Facebook is the second largest online video platform in the world. Video at its heart is a social experience, as people talk about and talk through video. Users upload their own videos. They go Live and broadcast to their friends. Pages upload tens of millions of hours a day.Watch is the place on Facebook where people watch these videos and interact with their friends around them. It is one of the fastest growing parts of the app. We have recently grown to over 400 million 1-minute monthly users and over 75 million 1-minute daily users, who spend on average more than 20 minutes on Watch.This role is focused on better understanding the Watch ecosystem, both around video producer behavior and around video consumer behavior. That includes better understanding the types of videos we have (classification by different content types and publisher types), better understanding the types of user engagements and interactions we have, and better understanding the impact of video watching on our users. There's a huge opportunity to improve the quantity and quality of the content we have on the platform and a huge opportunity to improve the experience and well-being of users.Required SkillsUse existing insights, and develop an understanding agenda to unearth new ones, to drive the product strategyOwn all communications of insights to upper management in support of strategic decision-makingPartner with cross-functional teams to identify new opportunities requiring the use of modern analytical and modeling techniquesPlan, and be able to conduct as needed, end-to-end analyses, from data requirement gathering, to data processing and modelingOwn ongoing deliverables and communicationsWork with data engineers to architect data and modeling pipelines Job Requirements Minimum qualificationMS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, econometrics, computer science, applied mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering) or equivalent experience10+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modelingKnowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g., scikit-learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB)Experience influencing product strategy through data-centric presentations (to product, business, and other stakeholders)Knowledge in at least one of the following areas: predictive modeling, machine learning, experimentation methodsExperience extracting and manipulating large datasetsDevelopment experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)Proven experience influencing cross-functional partners and work across teamsExperience in network effects, growth, customer analytics, messaging a plus two sided platforms and teasing out causal inference from endogenous systemsPreferred qualification5+ years experience leading technical teamsExperience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
