Responsibilities/Qualification Enlighten IT Consulting, a MacAulay-Brown, Inc. company, is looking for an entry level Data Scientist with strong development skills to join our team. The Data Scientist will support a team that will establish and implement end-to-end proof of concept for leading edge data mining and analytics systems. They will be responsible for the support of innovative methodologies for extracting key parameters from big data coming from various sensors. The data scientist will utilize their knowledge in machine learning, statistical data analytics, and predictive analytics to help implement analytics tied to cyber security and hunting methodologies and applications.Security Clearance: A government clearance is not required, but candidate must be able to obtain a clearance that requires a background investigation, and a polygraph and therefore must be a U.S. Citizen. Required Skills: A B.S. Degree in Computer Science or a related field Experience in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) Languages Some familiarity with machine learning, data mining, and related analytics methods (e.g., clustering, sequences, networks, time series, deep learning, regression analysis, time series, probabilistic models, supervised classification and unsupervised learning, statistical analytics, etc.) Has a proven ability to learn quickly and works well both independently as well as in a team setting Desired Skills: Experience with distributed computing frameworks (e.g. Hadoop, Spark) Knowledge of cyber security operations, cyber security data types, cyber security threats, network protocols (Security Operations Center tools and methodologies). . Security Clearance Secret Diversity Statement Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more informationU.S. Citizenship Required.
