Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.The mission of the Facebook App Ecosystems team is to deeply understand and monitor the overall health of the Facebook App. Our team is responsible for designing, developing and operating systems that seek to understand how our over 2 Billion daily active people are interacting with the Facebook App and delivering insights generated by these systems to Facebook App leadership.We are looking for Data Scientists to help the team develop state-of-the-art forecasting and anomaly detection models and deploy them in a production system. Successful candidates for this role will have the ability to develop and implement statistical models to forecast and monitor time series.Required SkillsProvide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor thousands of user engagement metric time seriesDesign and build machine learning models and heuristics to aggregate, classify, filter and prioritize alertsConduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadershipDevelop short, medium and long-term forecasts to understand the likely growth trajectory of Facebook products and influence tactics and strategyCollaborate with engineering teams working to improve Facebook’s data infrastructure and internal analytics tooling Job Requirements Minimum qualificationMS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, operations research, econometrics), or BS in a quantitative discipline plus MBA with a quantitative concentration (operations management, supply chain, information technology, finance), or equivalent experience5+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modelingTrack-record driving product strategy through data analysis and product positioningExperience extracting and manipulating large datasetsWorking knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g. scikit-learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB)Communication experienceExperience implementing statistical models in production-grade codeExperience developing ETL pipelinesPreferred qualification5+ years experience leading cross-functional teamsExperience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
