Our client, a publicly-traded company is looking to augment their team with an experienced Senior Data Scientist to assist in the analysis, modelling, and improvement of both internal systems, and external systems including SaaS-based products for large corporations.

Experience with financial data and/or inventory systems a plus.

This is a fantastic opportunity to work within a smaller group of a larger company.

** This is a work some at the office / work mostly from home opportunity, but employees should live in the Salt Lake City area in order to attend periodic meetings. **

   Description :  
Responsible for creation of models of internal and external systems to extract insights to inform business decisions for both company and its customers.  
Help define data model and capture algorithms to ensure the ease of downstream analysis.  
Define hypotheses and run analytical experiments using the scientific method to prove or disprove them 
Create insights for internal systems to predict failures to improve uptime while allowing cloud cost reduction 
Create models that can be applied to customer data to inform their business decisions, customer flow 
Create visualizations of data and insights to create meaningful messaging around insights and the problems that they solve 
Mentor team on data analytics to help ingrain the use of these insights into the company culture. 
Create automated anomaly detection systems and constantly tracking its performance    Requirements :  
Bachelors degree in Mathematics or Data Science or related field with a minimum of 5 years experience (PhD preferred) 
Experience with Predictive Modeling, Machine Learning, etc. 
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. 
General knowledge of scripting languages   All resumes will be considered but due to applicant volume it will only be possible to contact best-fit candidates. For immediate consideration, please include your compensation history/requirements and reference job code mprs702datascslc – Senior Data Scientist.     

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Salt Lake City, UT 84115 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         All
