Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.Facebook Marketplace is successful and growing fast (for example, 1 in 3 people on Facebook in the US use Marketplace every month). We're pursuing a “ladder up” strategy to grow from our current positions of strength in consumer to consumer and automotive into a true eCommerce platform and new verticals like rentals and home services.Last half the eCommerce teams had a major breakthrough powered by deals, coupons, and group buying. We moved all transactions to onsite checkout, invested in ranking, user experience, and funnel improvements, stood up first versions of search support, and sold hundreds of thousands of products to Black Friday week shoppers in the US. But our journey is only 1% finished! This year (2019), our eCommerce teams will build upon this baseline to grow transactions another 250%, track and minimize bad shopper experiences, improve the quality of available products and product listings, improve our efficiency in spending on coupons and price subsidies, and capture new kinds of eCommerce based on searches, browse-shopping, or innovative new experiences centered in communities and/or video.We are looking for strong Data Scientists to lead the eCommerce ecosystem understanding. This role works closely with both product team and engineering team to identify opportunities in current eCommerce and further improve it. Successful candidates for this role will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have experience in influencing decision making across different teams through data.We expect you to be able to own the development of economic models and to manage, in close collaboration with PMs and engineers, the data analysis, modeling, and experimentation that is necessary for estimating and validating your model. You will need to work with cross-functional partners to communicate the intuition, implication and detail of your analysis/modeling and be able to work to incorporate their feedback and requests into your project. Experience in applied economic analysis is essential, and you should be familiar with modern tools for data science and business analysis.The position offers an opportunity to apply the frontier of econometrics and economic theory to market design, pricing, forecasting, program evaluation, online advertising and other areas. You will build econometric models, using our world class data systems, and apply economic theory to solve business problems in a fast-moving environment. You will be expected to develop new techniques to process large data sets, address quantitative problems, and contribute to the design of automated systems around the company.If you are a visionary with a passion for seeing economic principles come alive in large datasets, apply today!Required SkillsApply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business productsDefine problems and opportunities in a complex or ambiguous areaInform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launchesPartner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify new levers to improve user experienceMonitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metricsInfluencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations, and clearly communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams Job Requirements Minimum qualificationMS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, operations research, econometrics), or BS in a quantitative discipline with MBA with a quantitative concentration (operations management, supply chain, information technology, finance), or equivalent experience5+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modelingTrack-record driving product strategy through data analysis and product positioningExperience extracting and manipulating large datasetsWorking knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g. scikit-learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB)Communication experiencePreferred qualificationPhD in Economics or highly related field3+ years of work experience using insights from applied econometrics to inform business decision-makingExperience with recommendation engine and/or machine learning methodsExperience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)Ability to effectively communicate economic insights to leaders and influence strategy of productFacebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
