Our client is in need of a Data Scientist. This is a 6 month contract with the opportunity to extend or convert in St. Louis, MO. If you’re that person, submit your resume now! 
  
LRS Consulting Services has been delivering the highest quality consultants to our clients since 1979. We've built a solid reputation for dealing with our clients and our consultants with honesty, integrity, and respect. We work hard every day to maintain that reputation, and we're very interested in candidates who can help us. If you're that candidate, this opportunity is made for you! 
  
Our client’s enterprise e-commerce team is looking for a Data Scientist to come aboard and help leverage predictive analytics and machine learning technologies against raw data sets across the organization. This person will be working with raw data structures to show new ways to optimize sales and marketing offerings to their customers. 
Day to Day responsibilities include:  	
Performing exploratory analysis on datasets from a variety of sources to better understand the relevance and value of their contents 	
Working with other SMEs to create data, operational, and analytics architectures and processes with scalability, reliability, simplicity, and performance in mind 	
Researching, developing and integrating machine learning models and algorithms 	
Design, develop POCs, and present potential solutions to strategic and tactical issues to peer teams and senior leadership 	
Delivering and presenting best practice documentation 	
Providing supervision/training to technical team members  

Qualifications:  
-Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, or related field preferred 
-Must have a minimum of 2 years experience with machine learning and/or deep learning frameworks to solve problems in an enterprise/corporate setting 
-Experience creating and maintaining diagnostic, prescriptive and predictive data models 
-Experience with R or Python 
-Experience pulling data using SQL 
-Literacy in Splunk SPL is highly preferred 
-Knowledge of BI solutions such as Alteryx, PowerBI, Informatica, DOMO and Tableau preferred 
-Candidate must be able to effectively communicate in English (written & verbal) 
  
To apply go to jobs.lrs.com. 
  
LRS is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for employment will receive consideration without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, gender identity, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship status or protected veteran status. 
  
  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Maryland Heights, MO 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19922
