Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.At the heart of connecting people together is building a platform that fosters sharing between you and family, friends, and community. The Ads Platform has the purpose of enabling the creation, management, delivery of ads, as well as accurate and insightful reporting of Ads results. We support advertising in all surfaces, Facebook, Instagram, etc. Ads Manager is Facebook’s largest ads creation and management platform and it empowers the majority of FB ad spend. We need a Data Scientist who will help shape Product Strategy for a platform used by millions of advertisers. The mission of the Analytics & Ads Manager team is to make more effective Marketing easier. With 8 million advertisers using our Ads Manager platform we have great opportunities to create behavioral understandings, solution best practices, and overall insights about Advertisers’ use of analytical features to drive simplicity. Advertisers have high demands for their marketing dollars, optimizing Ads is difficult and sometime an arcane process. Our impact on modifying the platform for the better leads to billions of dollar implications. The mission and focus for Data Science in Analytics & Ads Manager is to provide strategic guidance and product leadership based on Data, and create relevant and timely analyses, and in partnership with cross-functional partners deliver insights and recommendations to teams.We are looking for Data Scientists to help the team understand and optimize the whole paid ads management vs. organic posts management journey on the whole family of apps that Facebook serves (Instagram, WhatsApp, etc.). This role works closely with both product team and engineering team to identify opportunities, size opportunities, and provide opinions based on data as to how Ads and Organic synergies can lead to Advertising best practices. Successful candidates for this role will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have experience in influencing decision making across different teams through data.Required SkillsApply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our Ads space and our Organic data.Define problems and opportunities in supporting our analytics backends integrity.Theorize and model new strategies supported by data and present these initiatives to leadership.Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches.Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify new levers to improve user experience.Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics.Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations, and clearly communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams. Job Requirements Minimum qualificationMS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g. statistics, operations research, econometrics), or BS in a quantitative discipline plus MBA with a quantitative concentration (operations management, supply chain, information technology, finance), or equivalent experience5+ years experience doing quantitative analysis or statistical modelingTrack-record driving product strategy through data analysis and product positioningExperience extracting and manipulating large datasetsWorking knowledge of at least one modeling framework (e.g. scikit-learn, TensorFlow, SAS, R, MATLAB)Experience in a scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)Communication experienceExperience in Digital Ads and/or Digital Marketing spacePreferred qualification5+ years experience leading cross-functional teamsExperience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
