Help build technology that saves lives!

We're a fast growing healthcare tech company that uses data science and machine learning to make our hospitals more efficient.

More than 65 hospital systems including some of the nation's largest rely on our products to improve patient access and lower wait times.

We've raised $70+ million dollars from prominent investors in healthcare.

Our team includes veteran executives and the brightest minds from Google, McKinsey, Stanford, MIT, Duke, Berkeley, UIUC, and more.

CBInsights recently named us among the top 100 AI companies in the world.

We're looking for extraordinary data scientists for our Charlotte, North Carolina office. The Data Scientist role involves working on all stages of the data science pipeline, from acquiring and munging data, selecting appropriate models and algorithms and/or deriving custom algorithms, to testing and evaluating these algorithms and models and incorporating them into commercial products. She/He will work with a team of Data Scientists to create bleeding edge analytic technology. This is a chance to get in early with a rapidly growing Silicon Valley company and to participate in developing the next generation of truly game-changing, healthcare-related products. This is a mid/senior level position assuming 1-3+ years of prior experience.

Key Responsibilities

Analyze various data sets and build sophisticated mathematical/statistical models

Design and optimize algorithms to achieve the best solutions

Work with data analysts, software engineers, and product managers to contribute on building and implementing models.

Qualifications & Experience

Strong quantitative and analytical skills with an advanced degree in a STEM discipline

Experience using Python, R and SQL

Strong problem-solving skills from data exploration > hypothesis development > hypothesis testing > production-ready models

Knowledge of optimization techniques

Experience analyzing data sets, building mathematical/statistical models and/or optimization algorithms

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner

Ability to work collaboratively and independently

Personal Characteristics

A person with:

A passion for data science and problem-solving in general

The skill and motivation to take a high-level idea and see it through to completion with minimal supervision

The desire and ability to work in a fast-paced, start-up atmosphere

A pragmatic approach to problem-solving, combined with the ability to thrive under the pressure of constant change and moving objectives

The ability to work under tight deadlines and display grace under pressure

Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills (both written and verbal)
