Microsoft is innovating rapidly to grow its market share by providing the advertising industry with a world-class online advertising platform and service. The Microsoft Bing Ads marketplace serving group is one of the most strategic and growing teams in the company. We are the Paid Search monetization branch within Microsoft Advertising Business. Our goal is to land AI&R's Revenue-per-Search goals while maintaining a healthy marketplace: balancing Revenue and Relevance. Today, we design, develop and operate a multi-billion-dollar global paid search marketplace that has a double digit annual growth rate.Relevance measurement PM team is part of the Bing Ads Marketplace & Serving PM group. We are chartered to deliver the most relevant sponsored content to consumers, through the medium of Microsoft Bing Search network. We measure Ads quality though various metrics such as defect rate to ensure the delivery of the most relevant ad products with the best user experiences. We are looking for a highly motivated and deeply skilled Data Scientist to help us define and manage ads relevance measurement analytical framework and implement the models established closely partner with our global relevance community in Bing Ads. Top candidates have a demonstrable record of using data to improve the world around them. We hire people with a desire to build great products/services and have great business impact using statistical analysis, machine learning, experiments, data mining, data visualization, and more. We welcome applications from diverse multi-disciplinary backgrounds, with analytical skills, engineering abilities, communication skills, business interests, relentless curiosity, and a desire to improve the experiences of the vast customer base. ResponsibilitiesKey responsibilities:Analyze large sets of human judgment and web search log data to discover relevance insights.Enrich understanding of relevance drivers for paid search ads and share the results out with the broader team through forums and discussions.Innovate and improve relevance measurement / user experience metrics and define / negotiate operating point targets. Collaborate, socialized and drive cross team initiatives to form relevance goals in all levels such as product, platform and organization. QualificationsQualifications:Possess a strong ability to get projects delivered which have complicated cross group dependencies. This includes managing partner groups and negotiating for win-win results.Demonstrate strong analytical, strategic business and technology thinking skills as well as the ability to spell out how to execute on conclusions drawn from that thinking. Understanding technology at an architectural level will be the key to success.Proactive, self-motivated, driven and results oriented with the proven ability to work independently and research innovative solutions to job responsibilities that includes translating disparate data points into a actionable solution.Passionate about delivering great products and user experiences in high scale services and achieving engineering excellenceDemonstrated unwavering persistence, commitment, and passion to the business, customers and technologyExperience Required: Demonstrated working knowledge on statistical and machine learning models such as anomaly detection, predictive analysis, text analysis, exploratory data analysis, and other areas of data science. Proficiency using tools like SQL, Python, R or other relevance data science tools/environments. Knowledge on COSMOS and/or Power BI is a plusHands-on experience working with large-scale real data sets to solve business problems involving data analysis, especially involving web dataOnline business operations (especially in Advertising) experience is a plus.Excellent verbal and written communication skills with experience presenting to large and small audiences. Experience on Multi-functional team coloration and negotiation and program management is a big plusAbility to interact with peers and stakeholders to define and drive product and business impact2-4 years overall professional career experiences.1+ years online advertising experience is a big plus.MS or BS degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Business Administration, or equivalent is preferred.Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.#BingAds# #MicrosoftAdvertising#
