We are looking for the right people people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the worlds largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry. SummaryAs a machine learning software engineer on Halliburton Digital Solution team, you are responsible to deliver digital solutions which can achieve measurable business results through collaborating with subject matter experts in businesses, applying common open source libraries for building data analytics models, prototyping data driven digital tools to tackle business problems. We are looking for top talents who enjoyed learning and contributing to our team through creative and innovative thinking. ResponsibilitiesEfficiently extract large scale complex business data (time series data, structured/unstructured) from various data sources and prepare them for data analytics.Partner with product experts, leverage common open source Machine Learning/Deep Learning packages for identifying data patterns/trends or building predictive models.Deploy solutions to business units using software technologies to generate measurable values for businesses.Grasp the application of the latest machine learning & artificial intelligence open source packages, cloud distributed computing technologies to ensure the best technologies were implemented to meet businesses data challenges. QualificationsUndergraduate degree in Computer Science, or Math, or Statistics. Minimum of 7 years of related experience or through 11 years of software development experience.Minimum of 3 year experience in extracting the data, using common classification or regression open source packages through R or Python preferred.Experience with big data platform (Hadoop, Hive, or Phoenix) preferred.Knoweldge in parallel programming, map-reduce framework in Spark.Advanced degree in in Engineering, Math, Statistics, or Computer Science. Working knowledge for engineering systems or oil&gas drilling/production process desired.Familiar with open source machine learning packages and deep learning packages provided by Amazon AWS, Microsoft or Google (such as Scikit-learn, Azure ML, TensorFlow, Sagemaker) preferred. Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, citizenship, marital status, sex/gender, sexual preference/ orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, national origin, or any other status protected by law or regulation. Location3000 N. Sam Houston Parkway E., Houston, Texas, 77032, United States Job DetailsRequisition Number: 76120 Experience Level: Experienced Hire Job Family: Engineering/Science/Technology Product Service Line: Landmark Software & Services Full Time / Part Time: Full TimeAdditional Locations for this position: Compensation InformationCompensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.
