Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 277 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.In this role, you’ll apply the latest machine learning algorithms to solve some of the most challenging problems in payments and fraud. You'll drive data science analysis for decision-making by collaborating on a daily basis with a team of product managers, engineers, and analysts.Details: Work with internal and external clients to creatively leverage new and existing data sources to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of our existing suites of machine learning models. Work with engineers to design solutions that operate at scale and in real-time.Make business recommendations to the executive and cross-functional teams with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders. Qualifications & Requirements:3+ years industry experience in Fraud and Risk detection with developing machine learning models at scale from inception to business impact. Experience working with SQL, Hive, Python and UNIXRisk, fraud detection experience is highly preferred but not requiremed. Master's degree plus 2-3 years in Data Science or Machine Learning, Statistics, Optimization, Physics, or related field, with experience building production-ready ML models and systems; PhD preferred but not requiredMS in a quantitative field with 4+ years of experience in implementing and deploying real-time scale ML solutions.Deep understanding of and experience of modern machine learning techniques such as classification, recommendation systems, and other shallow learning techniques, data analytics, and statistical models.Deep learning experience preferred but not a requirement The versatility to communicate clearly with both technical and non-technical audiences A willingness to solve problems using whichever tool is most appropriate for the situation We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.R0046410
