Purpose of Job Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets to enable analytical solutions.  Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; Builds analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage;  Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees.

 Job Requirements  
Partners with business leaders across the organization to define business problems and research questions 
Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on cross functional, matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization. 
Builds large and complex information sets; Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. 
Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives. 
Serves as key resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. 
Works with IT to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features. 
Builds and maintains a robust library of reusable algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data, are transparently conducted, are able to be productionized and are reproducible. 
Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions. 
Maintains academic and industry relationships for the purposes of research; Maintains expertise and awareness of cutting edge techniques, technologies and potential business solutions.  

Minimum Requirements   
Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field. 6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree. 
6 or more years in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science 
Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis) 
Solid experience in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C or more or more) and one dynamic scripting language (Python, PERL, Ruby)  
Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager's approval prior to posting. 
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level* 

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions.  This will take approximately 5 minutes.  Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses. 

Preferred   
PhD in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Operations Research, Statistics, or related field with coursework in advanced Machine Learning techniques (Natural Language Processing, Deep Neural Networks, etc.). 
Expertise in experimental design, advanced statistical analysis, and modeling to discover key relationships in data and apply that information to predict likely future outcomes: fluent in regression, classification, tree-based models, clustering methods, and neural networks. 
Proven ability to enrich (add new information to) data, advise on appropriate course(s) of action to take based on results, summarize complex technical analysis for non-technical executive audiences, succinctly presenting visualizations of high dimensional data, and explaining and justifying the results of the analysis conducted. 
Highly competent at data wrangling and data engineering in SQL and SAS as well as advanced machine learning (ML) techniques using Python; comfortable in cloud computing environments (Azure, GCP, AWS). 
Hands-on experience developing products that utilize advanced machine learning techniques like deep learning in areas such as computer vision, Natural Language Processing (NLP), sensor data from the Internet of Things (IoT), and recommender systems; along with transitioning those solutions from the development environment into the production environment for full-time use. 
Fluent in deep learning frameworks and libraries (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc.). 
Highly skilled in handling Big Data (Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Kafka, etc). 
Experience in reinforcement learning, knowledge graphs and graph databases, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), semi-supervised learning, multi-task learning is a plus. 
Experience in publishing at top ML, computer vision, NLP, or AI conferences and/or contributing to ML/AI-related open source projects and/or converting ML/AI papers into code is a plus. 
Background in Property insurance operations with an understanding of claims, underwriting, and insurance pricing a plus. 
Additional Responsibilities: Ability to translate business problems and requirements into technical solutions by building quick prototypes or proofs of concept with business and technical stakeholders. Ability to convert proofs of concept into scalable production solutions. Ability to lead teams by following best practices in development, automation, and continuous integration / continuous deployment (CI/CD) methods in an agile work environment. Ability to lead and mentor technical, multidisciplinary teams. Willingness to continuously learn and apply new analytical techniques.  

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. 

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs.  Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. 

 USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers . 


Relocation  assistance is
 available  for this position. 


For Internal Candidates:  
Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting. 


Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 07/23/19 by 11:59 pm CST time 
.   


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Antonio, TX 78208 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1114_R0035656
