Purpose of Job We are currently seeking talented Data Scientist Lead for our San Antonio, TX, Phoenix, AZ, Colorado Springs, CO or Plano, TX facility.

Data Scientist Lead uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; Builds analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Leads initiatives and influences system architecture to enable automated intelligent solutions; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to senior management to enable business decisions; Maintains relationships with academic and industry thought-leaders to ensure enterprise has access to cutting-edge thinking and technologies.

 Job Requirements  
Partners with business leaders across the organization to assess business needs, define business problems and develop a research agenda; Leads cross functional, matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization. 
Designs and builds large and complex information sets; Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. 
Leads and conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives. 
Leads efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. 
Works with IT to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation. 
Builds and maintains a robust library of reusable algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data, are transparently conducted, are able to be productionized and are reproducible. 
Provides guidance regarding analytical approach and iteration of algorithms to team members. 
Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to senior management and non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions. 
Develops and maintains academic and industry relationships for the purposes of research; Interacts with internal and external peers and management to maintain expertise and awareness of cutting edge techniques, technologies and potential business solutions.  


 Minimum Requirements   
 
Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field   OR   6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree 
8 or more Years in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science 
Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis) 
Expert in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C or more or more) and one dynamic scripting language (Python, PERL, Ruby) 
A strong track record of communicating results, insights, and technical solutions to Senior Executive Management (or equivalent)  

*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level.* 

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses. 


Preferred   
Experience implementing algorithms or solution into a production environment 
Experience with building natural language processing (NLP) algorithms 
Experience managing a team of data scientists 
Strong fundamentals in Hadoop big data ecosystem 
Experience developing marketing models  

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job. 

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. 


Relocation  assistance is 
available  for this position. 


For Internal Candidates:  
Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have manager’s approval prior to posting. 


Last day for internal candidates 
to apply to the opening is 06/04/19 by 11:59 pm CST time.  


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Colorado Springs, CO 80509 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         8 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1114_R0030093
