It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

Cigna Digital/Brighter is in search of a Senior Data Scientist to join our product team based out of the Santa Monica, California office. This team is responsible for developing a personalization platform to help members find the providers for their healthcare needs. The role will be responsible for setting up the data science best practices, developing the machine learning models and report test results to key stakeholders. The ideal candidate is also a motivated, self-starter that brings a fresh perspective and passion to solve complex business and technical challenges in a fast-paced and team-oriented environment. The role will report to the Director of Product Management.

Key Responsibilities:

Work with large, complex provider, member and claim dataset, applying advanced analytical methods as needed.

Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.

Design and architect the personalization platform

Translate business problems into data science questions, develop solutions and drive result

Explain data science findings and machine learning models to stakeholders.

Implement and execute production-level machine learning models

Collaborate with engineering teams to build data-based products and help integrate into the products and operational processes.

Required Qualifications:

4 + years of experience as a Data Scientist

MS degree or higher in Data Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Econometrics, Computer Science, or other related fields.

Proven track record of launching production level data products using big data technologies (such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, etc)

Deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining concepts, and a track record of solving problems with these methods.

Knowledge of data engineering, application architecture, ETL processes and SQL.

Solid professional experience using R, Python, PySpark or Scala for purposes of model development

Experience with Looker, Periscope or Tableau

Strong verbal and written communication skills

Desired Qualifications:

Experience with provider analytics

Experience with deep learning, NLP and Neural Networks (such as, TensorFlow/Keras)

Experience developing recommendation engine is a plus.

Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy), childbirth or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws.

If you require an accommodation based on your physical or mental disability please email: SeeYourself@cigna.com. Do not email SeeYourself@cigna.com for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response.
