Requisition ID: QUA009266

Merck & Co., Inc. Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. known as Merck in the United States and Canada, is a global health care leader with a diversified portfolio of prescription medicines, vaccines and animal health products. The difference between potential and achievement lies in the spark that fuels innovation and inventiveness; this is the space where Merck has codified its legacy for over a century. Merck’s success is backed by ethical integrity, forward momentum, and an inspiring mission to achieve new milestones in global healthcare.

Merck’s Human Health (HH) Division abides by a “patient first, profits later” ideology. Results-driven and ambitious, this team of individuals represents a functional balance between meeting company objectives and the needs of people around the world. The organization is comprised of sales and marketing professionals who are passionate about their role in bringing Merck's prescription medicines, vaccines, and other medical products to our customers worldwide.

About the Global Analytics Team: We are responsible for improving decision-making and business results in Merck’s Human Health (HH) division through innovative uses of data and analytics. We are building a team of highly talented, highly motivated individuals who have a passion for healthcare and want to work with the best and the brightest in the industry. Quite simply, we are looking to bring a moneyball mindset to HH.

The Need: In a rapidly changing world, the organizations that best understand how those changes will affect the future will be in the best position to make the right decisions for long-term growth. The most successful companies bring a rigor to predicting future trends that will affect our industry, our company, and our brands, and appropriately leveraging that information to guide decision-making under uncertain conditions.

The Role: We are looking for a Data Scientist to help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data and ultimately make smarter decisions. The ideal candidate will have exceptionally strong analytics skills who can identify opportunities that could benefit from predictive or prescriptive analytics, figure out what data and analytics are required, and build the required solutions.

This role requires a unique combination of skills as you will need to be able to gain the trust of our business colleagues, have an innovative mindset to think through novel ways to help us make better decisions, and execute on the idea by gathering the necessary data and building the necessary statistical models. This is a great opportunity for a self-motivated individual with strong business acumen along with technical competence. The ideal person will have an entrepreneurial spirit, strong understanding of healthcare data & technology, strong quantitative skills, and the ability to identify & use new customer data sources to improve business results.

Qualifications

Education Minimum Requirement:

Bachelor’s Degree required, Master’s Degree preferred

Required Experience and Skills:

5 years relevant experience

Preferred Experience and Skills:

Innovative thinker

Intellectual curiosity

Expert in analytics, decision, and data sciences

Ability to develop a strategy and execute complex initiatives

Ability to communicate complex ideas and analytical proficiency to internal and external stakeholders

Excellent presentation, analytical, and communication skills

Ability to build strong cross-functional partnerships

Well organized, highly motivated, and results oriented

Advanced degree in statistics, computer science, economics, or related field strongly preferred

At least 5 years of experience leveraging analytics for business results

Experience with Python, R, or related software

Your role at Merck is integral to helping the world meet new breakthroughs that affect generations to come, and we’re counting on your skills and inventiveness to help make meaningful contributions to global medical advancement. At Merck, we’re inventing for life.

If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to staffingaadar@merck.com.

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully:

Merck & Co., Inc. is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please, no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Merck via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Merck. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Merck as a result of the referral or through other means.

Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
