Who we are

Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 277 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name

DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith

DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH

NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell

Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

In this role, the individual will be part of the Insights, Data & Strategy team in PayPal’s World Ready organization, the team identifies customer, market and localization insights and turn them into data driven customer centric business recommendations. We are looking for a data scientist with passion for payment industry, localization and providing data-driven solution for a better customer experience.

Job Description:

This role will be responsible to design and build state-of-art solutions for customer focused insights. Use data to understand our global customer, discover new opportunities, perform analyses, and communicate key findings to various stakeholders.

The Ideal Candidate Should Be

A problem solver, approaching the problem taking all possibilities into account

Creative and out of the box thinker

A fast learner to quickly ramp up and explore in new domains, identify problems/opportunities and come up with solutions.

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor or equivalent degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Engineering or similar with 10+ year relevant experience.

Strong analytical skills including the ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions

Experience, familiarity and ease with handling large data sets. Prior experience with Teradata and SQL is a plus.

Proficient coding capability in at least one of the major programming languages such as Python, R, Java.

Experience with report analysis and development using business intelligence tools such as Tableau is a plus.

Interest in globalization and prior experience with localization is a plus

Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
