Introduction

As a Data Scientist at IBM in the IBM CIO Office, you will help transform data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating insights, and collaborating across our organization. Leveraging our corporate data using IBM Watson and open source tools, you will be a key player on the team that showcases how data scientist help meaningful transformation in the Cognitive Enterprise.

Your Role and Responsibilities

In the IBM CIO office, our mission is to create a productive environment and continuously improve the work experience for hundreds of thousands of IBM employees. We are the nerve center of the company and we are looking for a data scientist to join our team.

The Insights Lab team in the CIO office is furthering the mission of creating a productive environment by turning terabytes of data into deep insights and understanding. We are performing analytics on very disparate data and mixing the results together to learn incredible new things. Things that will help our employees make faster more insightful decisions and automate using AI. We use a combination of analytics and artificial intelligence tools embedded in software products blended with our own analytics and artificial intelligence using the IBM Watson products.

We are looking for a data scientist to join our small team of worldwide data scientist and IT leaders. Together we will build strategies based on our data analytics that will deliver artificial intelligence solutions used by thousands of employees every day.

About you:

We are looking for a very curious data scientist that has a firm grasp of statistics, data science programming, big data databases, and a good understanding of general computer science with the focus on cloud computing.

You should be comfortable working in a team that does not have one fixed mission but looks at the big picture and navigates their own course by way of Design Thinking to provide IBM users with solutions they did not know they needed or may never know are there. All the user knows, is that they work more productively. You know they are using your innovations.

You are as much a part of defining our direction as you are at building the final deliverables. We write code in Python, Scala, Java, and use IBM Watson Cloud tools using a variety of databases. You should be able to do the same.

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

Bachelor degree in data science, mathematics, or computer science with a defined experience with data manipulation and data science. Data Science Certificate holders or those with commiserate experience should also apply

Experience using modern machine learning tools with a preferred level of experience with IBM Watson platforms and tools

Real product deliverables or academic work showing real world results in the field of analytics, machine learning, and data science overall

Be comfortable working in a geographically diverse and dispersed team

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

NA

About Business Unit

About Business Unit - The IBM CIO organization is responsible for creating a productive work environment for IBM employees. We are the nerve center of the company running the enterprise class IT infrastructure and services that touch every part of IBM’s business and all of the more than 380,000 employees.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
