Due to growth, we are looking to build out our Advanced Research and Analytics team and need a Principal Data Scientist to join our team. You should be an exceptional disciplined and self-motivated Data Scientist with predictive modeling and advanced analytics experience and a passion for working with healthcare data (relevant experience with data from other industries of interest as well financial, retail, telco, etc.), experience using various computational approaches, and a portfolio of projects you can show and talk about.  You'll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute from anywhere within Central or Eastern time zones as you take on some tough challenges.   Primary Responsibilities  Improve and extend the analytic methods in our products.Work alongside other data scientists, engineers, and project managers to design and implement models and experiments from end to end, including data ingestion and preparation, feature engineering, analysis and modeling, model deployment, performance tracking and documentation.Conduct hands-on data analysis and predictive analytics on large datasets.Effectively communicate complex technical results to business partners.Support and drive analytic efforts around machine learning and innovation.Work with a great deal of autonomy to find solutions to complex problems.   Required Qualifications  MS or PhD in Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics or a related technical field.5+ years of hands-on experience in data mining and predictive analytics with machine learning  statistical modeling techniques5+ years of experience with advanced data science tools such as R or PythonConfidence with wrangling large datasets with big data tools such as Hadoop, Hive and SparkExperience applying computational algorithms and statistical methods to structured and unstructured dataExperience combining analytic methods with advanced data visualizations using, for example, Tableau, Shiny or D3Expert ability to breakdown and clearly define problemsStrong ability to communicate highly technical results to a diverse audience  Preferred   Qualifications  Strong skills in SQL Experience with machine learning in H2OExperience in Consumer Experience and Call Center Analytics  Careers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 17 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do your life's best work(sm)  All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group's Telecommuter Policy.   Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere  UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity  Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.  UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.  Job Keywords data scientist, principal data scientist, R, Python, Hadoop, Hive, H2O, advanced analytics, predictive analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence, data modeling, UnitedHealth Group, UHG, telecommute, Telecommuter, Work from home, Remote, Minnetonka, MN, Atlanta, GA, Minnesota, Georgia, Dallas, TX, Texas, Orlando, FL, Florida, Boston, MA, Massachusetts   Job Title Principal Data Scientist - Telecommute - Central or Eastern Time Zones  Shift Day Job  Travel Yes, 25  of the Time  Business ARA - Analytics  Data Science  Family Analytics  Telecommuter Position Yes  Job Level Director  Overtime Status Exempt  Posted Date 7182019  City Minnetonka  State MN  Country United States  Department Analytics  Data Science

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Minnetonka, MN 55305 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_6e9effcb5c2aec61dc1df200ece041fd
