This is a unique opportunity to join a team at the vanguard of applied healthcare analytics. This role is for someone passionate about using analytics to improve the quality, safety and efficiency of the health care system.

Optum Analytics, a leading healthcare technology and analytics company, manages one of the largest repositories of healthcare data in the nation. On behalf of hospitals and provider groups, we have teams that combine, cleanse and standardize complex and diverse data assets, including medical claims and clinical/EMR sources. That work creates an unparalleled environment in which you, as part of our Healthcare Methodology team, can develop advanced analytics and enable new methodologies and enrichments.

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, biostatistics, engineering, or related field or a degree in health studies with a strong emphasis in analytic methods

2+ years’ work (or equivalent academic) experience in data analysis using tools like SQL/Spark SQL

Skilled in manipulating, analyzing, describing and enriching data assets

Ability to identify and document data anomalies and to collaborate with cross-functional teams for effective resolution

Strong organization skills, detail oriented, with careful attention to work processes

Ability to work creatively and flexibly, both independently and as part of a team

Enjoys a fast-paced environment and the opportunity to rapidly learn new content and skills

Analytical, intellectually curious and a problem solver

Location for this role is Boston, MA or telecommute considered for the right candidate

Preferred Qualifications:

Master’s degree in fields described above

Strong preference for experience in Healthcare-focused analytics

Technical experience: Scala, Git, Jira (or similar ticketing systems), R or other statistical packages, Hadoop

Analytic experience: statistics, predictive and prescriptive modeling (traditional and more advanced machine learning approaches)

Content knowledge: Population health metrics, Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) reporting requirements, other clinical guidelines and measures

Data experience: payer claims and member eligibility data, EMR/clinical data

Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world?s large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
