At KPMG, we are reimagining tax with you in mind. Become an integral part of a dynamic team within a collaborative, future forward environment at one of the world's top tax firms. Be surrounded by deep tax knowledge and equipped with the latest in cutting-edge tax technologies. And join an extensive network of functional, industry, legislative and technical specialists with access to our Ignition Centers, where technology innovation accelerates. We welcome people with a passion for tax, a spirit for new thinking, and a commitment to providing outstanding client service today, and tomorrow.

KPMG is currently seeking a Manager to join our Tax Ignition practice.

Responsibilities:

Work closely with various KPMG's Tax functional teams and

clients to incorporate cognitive and NLP models and algorithms into both KPMG

and client solutions

Define and develop new Tax solutions leveraging approaches

such as Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Linguistics,

Probabilistic Decision Making, image recognition, deep learning, cognitive

science and analytics, and Advanced Semantic Design

Design and implement cognitive computing/AI applications

using some combination of the following commercial and open source platforms

and libraries such as Microsoft AI, Google AI, AWS AI, IBM Watson, Tensor flow,

Keras, Spark, Mahout, Torch, Caffe, ScIkit-learn, and NLTK

Serve as a developer and Subject Matter Expert (SME) in one

or several of the above-mentioned domains and help establish a competency in

those cognitive areas for KPMG

Serve as a thought leader in cognitive area of expertise by:

developing internal and external eminence and intellectual property; supporting

client-facing activities; influencing customer-facing groups (senior

executives, sales, marketing and product development) to successfully define,

develop and launch new cognitive products

Qualifications:

Minimum of five years of relevant Analytics, Cognitive / AI,

Machine Learning industry experience

Minimum of four years of experience in one of the following

domains of interest - Natural Language Processing (NLP), Linguistics, Advanced

Semantic Design, Visualization, Information Extraction, Information Retrieval,

Probabilistic Decision Making, image recognition, deep learning, Machine

Learning, cognitive science and analytics

Ph.D. or MS in Computer Science, Applied Statistics,

Engineering, Science or other quantitative discipline with specialization and

experience in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Natural Language

Processing, Cognitive Science or other related areas

Experience working with leading cognitive computing

commercial and open source platforms and libraries such as IBM Watson, Google

AI, Microsoft AI, AWS AI, or Apache Mahout

Demonstrated expertise with analytics and cognitive

engagements across strategy, design and implementation

Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the

ability to work with diverse teams in a highly matrixed environment

KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please.
