Position Summary: The data scientist performs a broad range of analyses (descriptive and predictive) on diverse datasets including big data and streaming data. Primary responsibilities include collecting, processing, and analyzing data and applying natural language processing, modelling and simulation, and machine learning techniques to characterize data trends and identify indicators of science and technology emergence to support U.S. government customers.

Required Education, Certifications, Skills, Capabilities:

Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a data science, computer science or related discipline such as operations research, though any individual with the necessary skills and a passion for quantitative analysis is strongly encouraged to apply.

Experience developing and using R, Python, SQL, and/or other language.

Experience building statistical models, performing simulations, and applying various machine learning approaches.

Must be comfortable applying state-of the art techniques to new problems and evaluating their effectiveness.

Demonstrable critical and creative thinking abilities.

Strong interpersonal and teambuilding skills.

Strong verbal and written communications skills.

Demonstrated ability to work as a team contributor with a mission focus and emphasis on service, integrity, and excellence.

Desired Education, Certifications, Skills, Capabilities:

Incumbent typically has 3-5 years of post-education experience.

Experience accessing and retrieving from open source data repositories (e.g., using APIs, web scraping).

Experience with forecasting or modelling time-series data sets.

Prior experience working within a fast-paced cross-discipline corporate environment.

Record of innovation and creative problem solving with an entrepreneurial mindset.

Duties:

The duties of this position shall include, but are not necessarily limited to (and not listed in priority order):

Assist in the design, planning, and execution of complex research projects to supports science and technology analysis and forecasting.

Collect and analyze large volumes of data and identify meaningful trends, extrapolations, or other patterns.

Create visualizations summarizing the useful information derived from data.

Research, develop, and write complex content for client reports.

Communicate research findings via client presentations and peer-reviewed publications.

Conduct technical reviews of reports and presentation material for structure, accuracy, consistency, and appropriateness of content.

Other duties as may be assigned.

Primary Work Location: Arlington, Virginia – this position does not qualify for long-term mobile/remote work or telework.

Special Work Conditions: Periodic travel to Blacksburg, Virginia. Possible travel to other CONUS locations. Occasional work outside of corporate core business hours.

Security: U.S. citizenship required.

Virginia Tech Applied Research Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, military status, gender, religion, age, or disability.
