As Verizon’s media unit, our brands like Yahoo, TechCrunch and HuffPost help people stay informed and entertained, communicate and transact, while creating new ways for advertisers and partners to connect. With technologies like XR, AI, machine-learning, and 5G, we’re transforming media for tomorrow, too. We're creators and coders, dreamers and doers creating what's next in content, advertising and technology.

A Little About Verizon Media

Verizon Media, a subsidiary of Verizon, is a values-led company committed to building brands people love. We reach over one billion people around the world with a dynamic house of 50+ media and technology brands. A global leader in digital and mobile, Verizon Media is shaping the future of media.

Our Mission

Build brands consumers love

Build platforms customers love

Build a company talent loves

A Lot About You

You get data. You have a thirst for knowledge and insight and have the technical and analytical skills to navigate large and complex data sets. You strive and thrive upon communicating data in ways that marketing, communications, media, product and executive teams understand. Your data is 100% accurate and credible. Your reports are always clear and actionable.

You get growth. You are a consumer-focused, data-driven, and growth-enabling analyst who has supported Growth strategies across the analytics/insights, acquisition/referrals, activation/onboarding, and adoption/retention loop.

You get people. You effectively communicate and collaborate with cross-functional teams and across all levels of the organization. You influence without official authority and build relationships to become a trusted advisor. You can empathize with various perspectives and identify opportunities to add value to diverse stakeholders.

You get mobile/digital. You have significant industry experience – and a strong understanding of the mobile/digital ecosystem – from apps to advertising and analytics. You have successfully applied the latest mobile/digital tools to help track, measure, monitor, report, analyze and optimize marketing campaigns.

You get it done.

Your Day

Analyze user needs and identify/prioritize the problems, pain points, and pleasure points (via analytics, behaviors, clicks/conversions, funnels, etc.)

Build models to gain insights on what drives performance in terms of reach, retention, referral, and revenue growth

Create dashboards and reports that provide analysis and commentary, explaining product, marketing, and business trends for Executive reporting

Inform and update executives and stakeholders on product performance, plans, and progress towards metrics

Define data testing plans and create methodologies that help teams to iterate fast and release new features for testing and, if successful, rollout to all users globally

Focus the product roadmap on achieving the metrics that matter and making ruthless decisions about what to do (and almost as importantly what not to do)

Generate and go deep on consumer insights and competitive intelligence to help teams drive product innovation and iteration

Help teams understand/internalize consumer insights, choices, and preferences – and how these influence the product/testing roadmap to drive growth

Build strong partnerships with product, design, engineering, and marketing teams and enable them to launch new Growth initiatives for testing/iteration

Provide feedback to product and engineering teams on impact of product launches: target launch metrics, A|B testing, post-launch metrics

Distill all metrics from statistically significant deviations that will impact reach, retention, referral, and/or revenue metrics

Investigate data and monitor data quality – partner closely with and provide requirements to the Data Engineering teams that can be clearly acted upon

Frame business problems into questions that can be answered through data analysis, and translate business needs into requirements

Design and lead time-sensitive strategic research projects involving methodology development, analysis, strategic recommendations and presentation of findings to Senior Management

You Must Have

BS/MS in highly-quantitative field (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Analytics, Data Science)

Data analysis, generating insights for consumer-focused companies

Experience with statistical programming languages such as Python or R

Familiarity with Unix/Linux environment highly recommended

Familiarity with query optimization and data ETL

Experience with big data technologies such as Hive, Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark etc.

Machine Learning skills, including cluster analysis, neural networks, predictive modeling

Experience using Statistical techniques including correlation analysis, design of experimentation, linear and nonlinear regressions, logistic regression, sampling and resampling methods, time series, and longitudinal analysis

Significant experience, proficiency in, and passion for Mobile and/or Web products

Track record of proactively establishing and following through on commitments

Blend of consumer insights, competitive intelligence, and technical knowledge

Demonstrated use of analytics, metrics, and benchmarking to drive decisions

Excellent interpersonal, organizational, creative, and communications skills

Team player in driving growth results combined with a positive attitude

Strong work ethic and strong core values (honesty, integrity, creativity)

Problem solver who never stops thinking about ways to improve

Self-motivated, results-driven, and team-oriented leader

Killer consumer instincts and data sensibilities

Demonstrated success in previous roles

Passion for Yahoo and cool products

Verizon Media is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, and will not be discriminated against based on age, race, gender, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability or any other protected category. Verizon Media is dedicated to providing an accessible environment for all candidates during the application process and for employees during their employment. If you need accessibility assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, please email ApplicantAccommodation@verizonmedia.com or call 408-336-1409. Emails/calls received for non-disability related issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.

Currently work for Verizon Media? Please apply on our internal career site.
