Description

The Principal Data Scientist uses mathematics, statistics, modeling, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions. The Principal Data Scientist provides strategic advice and guidance to functional team(s). Highly skilled with broad, advanced technical experience.

Responsibilities

The Principal Data Scientist develops, maintains, and collects structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Works with senior executives to develop and drive segment or enterprise-wide functional strategies. Advises one or more areas, programs or functions and provides recommendations to senior executives on matters of significance, and as an advanced subject matter expert competent to work at very high levels in multiple knowledge and functional areas across the enterprise.

We are seeking a Principle Data Scientist able to

0) have absolute fun with the rest of us,

1) develop right analytical solutions from a diverse repertoire of analytical techniques,

2) apply solutions tool agnostic ,

3) mentor junior talent ,

4) challenge & be challenged by the team and leadership.

Principal Data Scientist

The Principal Data Scientist will provide thought leadership on the practical application of machine learning and advanced analytical methods and cultivate a data driven culture across the company. The Principal Data Scientist will collaborate with key business leaders to understand business problems and formulate analytical solutions for problem solving as well as lead or collaborate with a team of data scientists, data analysts or big data engineers on analytical projects, proving benefits of solutions and helping with execution and measurement.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree and 10+ years technical experience OR Master’s Degree and 6+ years technical experience

2+ years project and/or people leadership experience

Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative and qualitative approaches. Specifically, demonstrated practical experience in building end to end data science solutions and applying machine learning methods to real world problems.

Experience with state-of-the-art techniques in machine learning algorithms, including deep neural networks, NLP, dimensionality reduction, ensemble methods, graph algorithms.

Strong programming skills in at least one language such as Python, Java, Scala or R.

Experience with providing strategic advice and guidance to functional teams in a collaborative fashion; working alongside other analytic individuals and teams

Experience in developing, maintaining, and collecting structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting

Has experience with Deep Learning models, AI development, agile software launching, Tensorflow experience, and/or deploying model pipelines across various technologies, such as Kubernetes or Docker.

Understanding of hardware to enable various Data Science technologies (i.e. GPU application in Deep Neural Network development)

Successful demonstrated experience in working with senior executives to develop and drive segment or enterprise-wide functional strategies

Ability to advise one or more areas, programs or functions

Ability to work at very high levels in multiple knowledge and functional areas across the enterprise

Experience leading and growing junior talent

Experience with disrupting or leading a wave of change in their industry

Preferred Qualifications

3-5+ years project and/or people leadership experience

Big data experience (Hive, Spark, HDFS) a big plus!

Experience in GCP, AWS, Azure or other cloud ecosystems.

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40
