Summary

Posted: Jul 23, 2019

Weekly Hours: 40

Role Number: 200081392

Join the CoreMotion team and help develop innovative fitness/activity tracking features in iPhone and Watch that are helping our users live more active, healthier lives. We are looking for a highly motivated data scientist proficient in generating meaningful insights from complex, multi-dimensional data that can inform and validate algorithm design of best-in-class fitness solutions.

Key Qualifications

You have a strong background in Statistical Modeling/Machine Learning and Visualization

Ability to derive insights from data and help create metrics to help quantify such insights.

You have experience translating insights derived from data into algorithm

You have experience with creating data pipelines used to execute the process of large datasets.

Experience with analyzing such datasets using distributed data storage/compute models

Incorporates data processing efficiency concerns in data experiment designs.

Effectively communicates analysis results to executives and multi-functional audiences.

Proficiency in Python and/or Matlab.

Enthusiasm for features in Fitness and Health.

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Description

You will be analyzing data, devising and proving hypotheses, and validating algorithms using multiple sensors. You will also be responsible for framing and driving user studies and working with a multi-disciplinary team to help implement algorithms in customer-facing software.`Come work with us and see your work powering the novel user experiences delivered by watchOS/iOS used by millions of users worldwide. We promote innovation and new technology to further improve our creative output. We are seeking a hardworking and passionate person to join this amazing team, if you feel this is you, we'd love to hear from you.

Education & Experience

MS, Ph.D or 5+ years experience in quantitative data science discipline (statistics/biostatistics, epidemiology, computer science).

Additional Requirements

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Prior experience with motion sensors, fitness and health technologies

Excellent technical communication and interpersonal skills

At home in a OSX/Linux environment.

Experience with time series analysis (from inertial sensors) a plus.

C++ programming experience a plus.
