Why Coverent?

Coverent is a specialized consulting services firm focused on developing innovative solutions to the most challenging problems facing our nation. We are growing quickly, but focused on maintaining our commitment to fantastic results and a fair, flexible, and fun culture:

Are you interested in working for a boutique firm who sees its employees as more than just a number?

Are you intrigued by the notion of joining a small team of talented, passionate consultants with a clear vision to help our clients achieve their missions better, smarter, faster?

Does a company culture that emphasizes outcomes, fairness, and flexibility sound appealing?

Would you like to be rewarded for your contributions, via programs like annual bonuses and company profit sharing?

Would you appreciate having a choice of options from top-notch benefit providers for medical and retirement plans?

Are you interested in a learning culture that is forward-leaning regarding training, education, and professional development?

If you answer YES to these questions, Coverent could be the employer of choice for you.

Data Scientist

Coverent is seeking a Data Scientist to lead quantitative research and program evaluation activities as part of a multidisciplinary, mission-focused data analytics team. In this capacity, the Data Scientist will work with large data sets and develop analytic products to help clients understand and use data to inform decision making.

Position Responsibilities

Use analytic tools to conduct complex queries

Manipulate large data sets

Derive key takeaways from the data

Compile data into finished intelligence and/or products for senior managers

Create methods to extract key points of information from structured and unstructured data

Requirements

TS/SCI clearance with CI polygraph

Bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, or computer science

Must have a minimum of 5 years’ experience with large-scale data manipulation, analytic tools, and data visualization

Demonstrated expertise in constructing and performing complex database search queries of various databases

Ability to simultaneously understand computer science concepts, data context, and mission objectives while completing projects

Experience producing both tactical and strategic analytic products and briefing senior level managers

Excellent critical thinking, communication, and collaboration skills, including the ability to communicate technical findings to non-technical audiences

Expertise in statistical packages such as SPSS, SAS, or R

Desired Qualifications

Experience with all-source analysis in the U.S. Intelligence Community

Programming experience in Python or Perl

Background in statistics
