Description:

Aetna's Medicare Business Intelligence Center of Excellence team supports the Medicare organization by embedding deep analytical insights into key decision processes and focusing on variety of complex business problems. We use advanced analytics, machine learning and business intelligence tools to generate actionable insights by leveraging big data within a cutting edge environment. Were focused on creating new opportunities that drive change in areas such as Medicare stars, Service Operations, Medication Adherence, Market Enablement, Population Health Management, Member Experience, DSNP (Dual Special Needs Population) and Retention

Our two Lead Data Scientists will manage and is responsible for the successful delivery of the algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools to meet business needs supporting our Medicare Stars business. Acts as the analytic team lead for large and complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks, providing individual mentoring in support of company objectives.

Opportunity can be work from home or office based depending on location. Willing to consider candidates based on your location across the US.62400

Fundamental Components:

(*) Develops complex algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes.

(*) Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and complex business problems.

(*) Utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and specialized expertise in the Medicare Star's organization

(*) Applies analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques.

(*) Manages large and complex analytical projects from data exploration, model building, performance evaluation and testing.

(*) Behaves as mentor to junior team members to provide technical advice.

(*) Collaborates with business partners to develop technical /business approaches and new or enhanced technical tools.

(*) Interacts with internal and external peers and management to share highly complex information related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology / business solutions.

Background Experience:

(*) Strong skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment

(*) Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.Strong organizational, management and leadership skills.

(*) Deep knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources (Machine Learning, R, Python, SAS and Tableau)

(*) Solid understanding of health care industry, products, and systems

(*) Demonstrates proficiency in all areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and advanced in-depth specialization in some areas.

(*) 7-10 or more years of progressively complex related experience.

(*) Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners.

(*) Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline.

(*) Master’s degree or PhD preferred.

Required Skills:

Leadership - Collaborating for Results, Leadership - Developing and Executing Strategy, Leadership - Driving Strategic and Organizational Agility

Desired Skills:

General Business - Communicating for Impact, General Business - Consulting for Solutions, General Business - Demonstrating Business and Industry Acumen

Potential Telework Position:

Yes

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests

#LI-MR1
