Looking for a career with purpose? One that challenges your mind, grows your skills and contributes to our Nation’s most critical missions? Do you pride yourself on solving problems that others think are impossible? If you answered yes to these questions, then we would like you to join Lockheed Martin's SSC Mission Solutions, Mission Processing Team! Mission Processing develops, delivers, and operates affordable engineering and sustainment solutions for commercial, military and intelligence users across the globe. These mission critical efforts include development of innovative enterprise, cloud and application-based solutions for mission management, command and control, collection orchestration and tasking, processing, data analysis and analytics along with premier operations and sustainment capabilities of space- based programs in support of national security.

This Position for a College Direct Placement (CDP) Data Scientist for 2020. Successful candidate will have training (BS) in a science or technology related discipline and experience in at least one of these skill or computer language areas: Machine learning or Deep Learning techniques, C, C++, C#, Java, XML, Windows, .NET, and LINUX/UNIX, system software and scripting development, Software Development and Implementation, with related training in Signal processing, Radar waveforms, Synthetic Aperture RADAR or other Radar Phenomenologies. Candidate will work in a team environment utilizing software methodologies and processes. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Ability to obtain a TS/SCI Clearance required for this role.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelors in Computer Science / Electrical Engineering / Physics / Mathematics or any other engineering discipline with relevant work experience

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information, including US Citizenship.

Desired Skills:

Demonstrated proficiency with one or more of the following languages: C++ / Java / Python / MATLAB

Experience developing algorithm/software for remote sensing or image processing in C++

Understanding of Radar Image formation and processing

Experience developing applications in Qt

Experience with drawing UML diagrams with Rhapsody

Experience with working with large datasets and parallel/distributed computing

Experience with AWS / C2S / Virtualization

Experience developing software collaboratively using Atlassian tools or equivalent

Knowledge of software engineering principles and the software development life cycle (CONOPs, requirements, peer reviews, verification, CDRLs, etc.)

Strong verbal and written communication skills and strong attention to detail

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL:

4 yr and up College
