Who You Are:

Getty Images is looking for individuals that enjoy leveraging new and traditional Machine Learning methods to help turn large-scale business data into actionable insights.

The mission of the Data Science team at Getty Images Inc. is to leverage internal and third-party data to inform other groups on how to interact with its customer base. We achieve this goal by 1) building automated solutions that apply best-in-class Machine Learning and Engineering practices and 2) continuous interactions with stakeholders to identify critical needs that deliver results relevant to the business.

As a Data Scientist - Insights at Getty Images, you will have end-to-end autonomy and ownership of your projects, and will work cross-functionally with other business units to uncover new opportunities for business growth. You will rely on both analytical and statistical methods to identify causal effects and confounding factors, and will leverage those insights to recommend how to put the relevant data into action.

Your Next Challenge

You will join a growing team of highly-collaborative and curious Data Scientists and Data Engineers. As a member of the team, you will have the chance to interact with key business stakeholders and leadership to define the biggest area of opportunities and accelerate the delivery of a robust portfolio of Data Science models. You will be responsible for the analysis and visualization of both large and small data across Getty Images, and for using that work to help us build better data-driven plans across Marketing, Sales and Product.

Your primary goal will be to help extract insights and unlock value from customer data through the rigorous application of statistical and Machine Learning methods. You will have the opportunity to interact with the entirety of Getty Images data and technology stack, and your work will be used to improve the efficiency of Marketing investments as well as to ensure correct execution and interpretation of experiments.

You will be responsible for the communication of findings across all levels (within the team, business stakeholders, and leadership), and will collaborate with engineers to build and maintain reliable data pipelines.

We value learning and development, and you will be given every opportunity to work on projects that excite you. You will have the opportunity to sit at the intersection of Engineering, Marketing, Product and Leadership to inform, influence, support, and execute on key decisions.

What You’ll Need:

A Ph.D. or MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics/Sconometrics, Sociology, Natural Sciences or any other equivalent quantitative project is preferred. If you are self-taught and believe you are a good fit for this role, or have significant work experience, we would love to hear from you as well.

Proven experience of having worked hands-on as a Data Scientist, preferably in a product or customer-focused organization.

Proficiency in Machine Learning, statistical modeling and/or data mining, and a good understanding of the real-world advantages and drawbacks of various Machine Learning techniques.

Strong working knowledge in Python (preferred) or R, along with experience working within the Hadoop ecosystem and standard tools such as Git, bash and SQL. Knowledge of Spark and AB testing methodology is also a big plus.

Excellent communication skills (both written and orally), and a proven ability to comfortably produce written reports and present findings to stakeholders.

Ability to independently execute on a project, from ideation to delivery to stakeholders, and can pro-actively interact with other engineers at Getty Images to access necessary resources or data.

#LI-MM1

Who We Are:

Getty Images is one of the most trusted and esteemed sources of visual content in the world, with over 300 million assets including photos, videos, and music, available through its industry-leading sites www.gettyimages.com and www.istock.com. The Getty Images website serves creative, business and media customers in nearly every country in the world and is the first-place people turn to discover, purchase and share powerful visual content from the world’s best photographers and videographers. Getty Images works with over 250,000 contributors and hundreds of image partners to provide comprehensive coverage of more than 160,000 news, sport and entertainment events each year, impactful creative imagery to communicate any commercial concept and the world’s deepest digital archive of historic photography.

Getty Images is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. Getty Images believes that diversity is critical to our success in moving the world with images and is committed to creating an inclusive, mutually respectful environment which celebrates diversity. We seek to hire on the basis of merit, competence, performance, and business needs.
