6 month project for a Sr. Data Scientist at our insurance client  Can be located in Hartford, Boston, New York or Exton. Consultant can be remote with a need to work on-site as needed for meetings etc.   Job Description  As we develop an enterprise-wide data and digital strategy that moves us toward greater focus on the use of data and data-driven insights, we are seeking a ScientistSenior Scientist supporting our Applied Augmented Intelligence Center of Excellence (CoE). In this role you will drive strategy and awareness of AI within our function and with our customers. We seek candidates who have the skills and research experience to join a new team to push the boundaries of pure mathematics, theoretical statistics (incl. parametric and non-parametric Bayesian statistics) and machine learning (incl. deep learning and reinforcement learning).  Required Skills Programming skills (Python, Java or C++), Machine learning (Natural Language Processing, Optimization and Linear Algebra).  Details   PhD degree andor postdoctoral experience in computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics, and allied disciplines.  4-8 years of experience in production level NLP systems  A proven record of publications (in reputed conferences such as NIPS, COLT, UAI, ICML, AISTATS, JMLR, PAMI, CVPR, ICCV, and others) Strong software engineering skills  Strong grounding in programming and systems design  Strong grounding in machine learning (ML) approaches and techniques  Strong interest in researching and implementing new ML related technologies for NLP and CV    Send resumes to sharynvertexsolutionsinc.com for immediate consideration    Vertex Solutions Inc is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, citizenship, sex, marital or veteran status, disability or handicap, genetics, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Hartford, CT 06101 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_17db9994ccb9a6c68f8ea8ccb54d3326
