:Are you a Data Architect specialist? Do you have Data Warehousing and/or Hadoop/Data Lake experience? Do you like to solve the most complex and high scale (billions + records) data challenges in the world today? Would you like a career that gives you opportunities to help customers and partners use cloud computing to do big new things faster and at lower cost? Do you want to be part of history and transform businesses through cloud and edge computing adoption? Do you like to work in a variety of business environments and high impact projects that use the newest data analytic technologies? Would you like a career path that enables you to progress with the rapid adoption of cloud and edge computing?Responsibilities:Provide advisory and thought leadership on the provision of analytic environments leveraging AWS platforms, big data technologies, including integration with existing data and analytics platforms and toolsDesign and implement scalable data architectures leveraging AWS and other emerging technologies, covering on-premise and cloud-based deployment patternsDesign cloud native data architecture patterns like; server less compute, containerizations, polyglot compute options, cloud native versus Informatica, TalendData migration design options and architecture including workload analysis and prioritizationSkills and Qualifications:5+ years of experience in leveraging enterprise data warehouse modeling constructs, methodologies and practices to ensure flexible, scalable, maintainable, and high-performing physical databases3+ years of hands on experience in data ingestion and integrating with big data/data lake repositories using ETL toolsBig Data tool experienceData pipeline and workflow management tools: AWS Glue preferredFor all inquiries in regards to this position, feel free to call (718) 412-1213, this is a direct line to my desk!Jefferson Frank International is the Global Leader in Amazon AWS recruitment. We've established an exceptional reputation for delivering the top professionals to our clients. By focusing solely on the niche IT field, our consultants are genuine experts, meaning they not only fully understand the market, but have built solid relationships with the widest range of vendors, customers and specialists looking to progress their career. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS Big Data. We understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Big Data and cloud analytics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the utmost importance. For more information on available AWS Big Data Jobs as well as the cloud market contact me or see www.nigelfrank.com for more information. Job Requirements AWS Big Data Scientist
