AWS Big Data Scientist - Hoboken, NJ - 9 Mo Contract - 100/hrYou will be on a team of product managers, data scientists and engineers who are passionate about enabling financial products to be aware and adaptive to consumers' needs. They create APIs, data platforms and tools for developing the deep understanding of our customers that is crucial to delivering innovative, intelligent, personalized customer experiences.Responsibilities: Partner closely with a variety of business and product teams to conduct the experiments that guide improvements to customer experiences and business outcomes in domains like marketing, servicing and fraud prevention.Write software (Python, Scala, e.g.) to collect, explore, visualize and analyze numerical and textual data (billions of customer transactions, clicks, payments, etc.) using tools like Spark, Elasticsearch, and AWS.Build machine learning models through all phases of development, from design through training, evaluation and validation, and partner with engineering teams to operationalize them in production systems that serve 50+ million customers. Qualifications: Curious and creative. You thrive on bringing definition to big, undefined problems. You love asking questions, and you love pushing hard to find the answers. You're not afraid to share a new idea. You communicate clearly and effectively to share your findings with non-technical audiences.Technical: You have hands-on experience developing data science solutions from concept to production using open source tools and modern cloud computing platforms. You are not afraid of petabytes of data.Statistically-minded. You have built models, validated them and back-tested them. You know how to interpret a confusion matrix or a ROC curve. You have experience with clustering, classification, sentiment analysis, time series analysis and deep learning.Must have AWS experience - S3/EC2/EMR/Redshift/RDS/Lambda HIGHLY preferredIf you or someone you know is interested in this position, please send your resume directly to P.Sandstrom@jeffersonfrank.com or call 212-731-8282 (ext 3205) and ask for Paige.Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Big Data and cloud analytics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the upmost importance. For more information on available AWS Big Data Jobs as well as the cloud market, I can be contacted at 212-731-8282. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more information.
