The Industrial Engineer (IE) - Data Scientist (DS) will be joining a growing and dynamic group with tangible opportunity to make your own, personal impact, on the competencies and direction of the team. Will interface with IE-Continuous Improvement, design engineering, manufacturing engineering, and test engineering. This role’ s core responsibility is the data analytics that enable the identification of opportunities for improvement. Ultimately, you are responsible for the generation and validation of improvement ideas. Will use your knowledge of data management to pull records from internal test databases, WIP trackers, and Oracle records. Aggregate, distill, and communicate opportunities for improvement to reduce cost, improve performance, and optimize capacity. Examine data generated from tested unit performance and manufacturing processes. For example, you may be challenged to interface with design engineering providing solutions for poor yields as well as manufacturing teams to reduce queue variability and wait times. Will be able to effectively use Juypter and other data analysis and visualization role demands an innate aptitude and understanding of data analysis techniques supported by a holistic knowledge of continuous improvement and manufacturing operations. Required 3+ years of experience supporting technical manufacturing in an Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, Manufacturing Analytics, Data Science, Simulation Engineering, or similar role Desire to learn and continuously adapt to developing software modules and methods. A passion to drive decision making by giving data a voice through statistics and visualization. Programming expertise in Python, R, MATLAB, or other Data Science specific language (Python preferred) Experience in data cleansing, statistics/machine learning, and data visualization packages (i.e. pandas, scikit-learn, matplotlib, seaborn, plotly, etc.) Strong statistics/SPC background with an understanding of machine learning. Proven ability to internalize ownership and responsibility for idea generation Strong understanding and historical application of Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma, and other Industrial Engineering methodologies Bachelor’ s in a technical discipline (Industrial Engineering, Data Science, Operations Research, or similar degree) US Citizenship Required Up to 25% domestic travel Preferred Strong preference for exposure to Discrete Event Simulation (Simul8, Arena, ProModel Process Simulator preferred) Familiarity with statistical specific software (i.e. MiniTab) Advanced-level MS Office skills (primarily Project, Excel, and Visio) Experience with MRP/ERP systems Years of Experience: 2 - 4 years
