Sr. Quantitative Data Scientist
 
(
 
Job Number:
 
046862
 
)

Description

Zions Bancorporation is one of the nation’s premier financial services companies with total assets of approximately $65 billion. Zions operates under local management teams and unique brands in 11 western and southwestern states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming. The company is a national leader in Small Business Administration lending and public finance advisory services and is a consistent top recipient of numerous Greenwich Excellence awards in banking. In addition, Zions is included in the S&P 500 and NASDAQ Financial 100 indices. Investor information and links to local banking brands can be accessed at zionsbancorporation.com.

Zions Bancorporation has an excellent opportunity available for a Quantitative Data Scientist in our Corporate Quantitative Analytics Department. This position will support the development and application of high-level mathematical and stochastic models to be used in various functions such as capital stress testing. Design, test, and validate analytics for stress testing and other related tools and procedures. Perform modeling, data analysis and programming in R, SAS and SQL. Develop forecasting models and interpret simulation results.

Qualifications

Advanced Degree in, finance, financial engineering, econometrics or statistics

4 + years’ experience of directly related experience. A combination of education and experience may meet qualifications.

Experience with SQL and working with large data sets.

Requires extensive knowledge of statistical analysis practices, principles, applications and modeling methods.

Must have strong analytical skills and the ability to develop financial models.

Requires solid written and verbal communication skills and the ability to prepare oral and written reports.

Understanding of finance and the banking industry.

Must be able to work in a deadline-oriented environment.

Must have the ability to work individually and as part of a team.

Requires the ability to identify research, coordinate and resolve issues.

Must be organized, detail-oriented, and able to multi-task.

Requires knowledge of statistical programs, such as R, SAS etc.

Applicable internships or of experience in financial model development a plus.

Work Locations

Utah-Salt Lake City-UT - Zions Bancorporation - HDQTRS

Finance & Accounting

Jul 22, 2019
