The U.S. Army Research Laboratory Computational and Information Sciences Directorate, DOD Supercomputer Resource Center, conducts research critical to the Armys assured land power dominance into the deep future. We work with emerging computational platforms and architectures, advanced algorithms, new programming models, immersive visualization tools, virtual/augmented reality, machine/deep learning, and related areas. Our facilities include high performance computers, emerging processors, development platforms, neuromorphic processors and accelerators, and a 2-D/3-D and immersive visualization lab.

Parsons is seeking highly motivated, self-starting individuals to develop big data analytic capabilities for ARL and its customers, such as the acquisition and test & evaluation communities. Datasets are high dimensional, high volume, and highly heterogeneous. The individual will work with Army scientists and engineers to understand the data domain and current practices, while at the same time thinking outside the box and using their mathematical/statistical modeling expertise to develop next generation analytic workflows. The individual will work with team members and incorporate their models, and insights derived from those models, to develop user-facing visual analytic prototypes.

As a data science team member, you will:

Work with a multi-disciplinary team

Investigate new algorithms and novel approaches for analyzing large scale and heterogeneous datasets

Apply mathematics and statistics or the analysis of structured and unstructured data

Work with research teams to customize solutions to meet research, analysis and customer objectives

Prepare and present research findings at scientific seminars, conferences and workshops

Publish technical reports and refereed journal articles

Mentor more junior staff

Qualifications:

Bachelors, Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Math, or Statistics

2+ years of relevant experience

Strong programming skills in one or more of: C, C++, Python, Java, CUDA, OpenCL

Experience with Linux

Strong math skills; experience with numerical linear algebra, machine learning, data structures, high performance computing

Good written and verbal communication skills and oral presentation skills

Proficient in scripting for data processing and analysis, in R, Python, MATLAB, etc.

Data collection, data cleaning, data wrangling over messy, heterogeneous data (text, numerical, video, geospatial)

Proof of U.S. citizenship or permanent residency is required due to government federal requirement

Applicants selected for employment may be subject to a federal background investigation and may need to meet additional eligibility requirements for access to classified information or materials

ABILITY TO OBTAIN AND MAINTAIN A SECRET CLEARANCE

Preferred:

Experience with existing machine learning algorithms, and/or built mathematical & statistical models for data mining purposes

Experience using data management, distributed data processing technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Spark

Ability to work with data visualizations using JavaScript, R/Shiny, Python/Dash a plus. Experience working with advanced large scale visualizations, and/or geospatial visualizations

Must be eligible to obtain and maintain, or currently possess Prescreen Required clearance.

Ready for action? Were looking for the kind of people who see this opportunity and dont hesitate to act. Parsons is a leader in the world of Technical Services and Engineering. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who have proven experience tackling some of the greatest challenges. Take your next step and apply today.

Parsons is a digitally enabled solutions provider focused on the defense, security, and infrastructure markets. With nearly 75 years of experience, Parsons is uniquely qualified to deliver cyber/converged security, technology-based intellectual property, and other innovative services to federal, regional, and local government agencies, as well as to private industrial customers worldwide.

Parsons is an equal opportunity, drug-free employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veteran/LGBT.

For more about Parsons, visit parsons.com and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
