Are you passionate about applying your data skills in a real-world tech environment? Join FairWarning and help us leave the world better than we found it!

FairWarning is looking for data scientists with hands on experience transforming unique data into amazing products. You will have access to an enormous amount of high-value business activity data. You will participate in the end-to-end processes of product development using machine learning, from proof of concept to deploying models in production. Your work will directly impact the developer experience in building applications, as well as the customer experience when interacting with them.

You will be working with a group of world-class data engineers to build intelligent services for customer-facing products. We are a team with diverse technical backgrounds who share a passion for problem-solving, new technologies, and learning. We love to learn and teach and help each other, and we are looking for people with a collaborative attitude and openness to others’ ideas.

The Perks!

We believe in the support of our employees’ total wellbeing because our team members are the heart, soul and mind of FairWarning. We are committed to providing great benefits, challenging assignments, a supportive work/life balance, and a fun environment where you can celebrate success and just simply be yourself. Our goal is to provide a rewarding place to work financially and experientially.

Grow your Career with Leadership and Career Growth Opportunities

Give Back to the Community through our Service Events

Get Social with our Team Celebrations and Events

Balance your life with Flexible Work Hours

Cut your Carbon Footprint with Teleworking Schedules

Recharge your Batteries with Unlimited Time Off

Get Fit with our Wellness Program

Grow Financially with our No-Vest 401(k) Match

Expand your Perspective with our Diversity and Inclusion Program

What you will be doing:

Working closely with Software Engineers and Product/Technical Services Mangers to drive analysis and performance improvements

Developing and implementing cloud-based security solutions providing data protection and governance, and improving customer experience

Working with internal business teams to integrate data and decision-making

Build intelligence into our services to make them run smarter

Work with interval product teams to transform and sprinkle machine learning fairy dust on their products

Our Perfect Match

Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, or related quantitative field

Preference for 5+ years of industry experience (without PhD); at least 2-3+ years of industry experience with PhD. This is not an entry level / new college graduate role

You have industry experience with one or more general purpose programming languages (e.g., Java, Scala, or Python) and taking ML models/ algorithms to production

Experience designing and implementing machine learning pipelines in production environments

Experience with MLib, Spark, and R

Experience with large data sets to train and fine tune deep learning modules

You have to love data – this is what we do. We are looking for people who are excited about different and unique data sets, and all the ways that they could be used in order to improve user experience

Who We Are

FairWarning solutions protect organizations of all sizes against data theft and misuse in Electronic Health Records (EHRs), Salesforce, Office 365, and hundreds of other applications through real-time and continuous user activity monitoring leveraging a combination of user behavioral analytics and machine learning algorithms

FairWarning has a proven track record of developing, selling and servicing patented, market-leading product and service offerings

FairWarning has been voted a Top Workplace for seven (7) consecutive years

$60 Million growth investment from Mainsail Partners is causing exponential growth and opportunity
