Are you motivated bycracking tough challenges with data, trained in problem solving, and possess anunending thirst for learning? If you do, Honeywell has the career opportunityfor you! 
 You will have endless opportunities to progress your career as you develop newofferings that impact a wide range of industries, improve the quality of life,and truly change the world. 
 Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company with global sales surpassing $40B and hasbeen one of Fortunes Most Admired Companies for over a decade. Throughinnovation, the Company brings together the physical and digital world totackle some of the toughest societal and business problems making the world amore productive, safe, and sustainable place.
 As a Predictive Analytics Data Scientist with Honeywell, you will developalgorithms and machine learning models to address unique and complex problemsfor the variety of breakthrough solutions.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES


 Design Architectures of Machine Learning Models

 
 Research and Implement Appropriate ML Algorithms and Tools

 
 Perform Statistical Analysis and Fine-Tune Using Test Results

Join the industry leader to design the next generation of breakthroughs 
Are you motivated bycracking tough challenges with data, trained in problem solving, and possess anunending thirst for learning? If you do, Honeywell has the career opportunityfor you! 
 You will have endless opportunities to progress your career as you develop newofferings that impact a wide range of industries, improve the quality of life,and truly change the world. 
 Honeywell is a Fortune 100 company with global sales surpassing $40B and hasbeen one of Fortunes Most Admired Companies for over a decade. Throughinnovation, the Company brings together the physical and digital world totackle some of the toughest societal and business problems making the world amore productive, safe, and sustainable place.
 As a Predictive Analytics Data Scientist with Honeywell, you will developalgorithms and machine learning models to address unique and complex problemsfor the variety of breakthrough solutions.


 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  

  
 Design Architectures of Machine Learning Models 

  
 Research and Implement Appropriate ML Algorithms and Tools 

  
 Perform Statistical Analysis and Fine-Tune Using Test Results 


 YOU MUST HAVE  
  
 BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or Applied Mathematics  
 Data science experience including theoretical understanding and practical experience of statistics, probability, and algorithms to develop solutions which combine multiple information streams.  
 At least 2 years practical experience implementing algorithms and machine learning techniques such as optimization, case-based reasoning, assignment/allocation algorithms, operations research.  
 At least 3 years of experience programming in Python, R, Scala or Java.    

 WE VALUE  
  
 A strong understanding of big data concepts and knowledge of big data languages/tools.  
 Experience in automation and build infrastructure in large-scale and distributed environment.  
 Previous experience moving prototypes to production environment and optimizing models in production environment.  
 Experience working with remote and global teams.  
 Experience with database management systems, data platforms (e.g. Streaming Data Platform, Kafka, Logstash, Teradata, Hadoop, etc.), and data formats (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, AWS S3, JSON, Redis, neo4j, etc.) for efficient ML feature extraction and data transformations.  
 Ability to work collaboratively with development/implementation staff through the design and build of new business processes and systems.  
 Ability to stay abreast of current and emerging technologies in support of new concept development.  
 Result-driven, positive can-do attitude.  
 Master's or PhD degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Applied Mathematics   
Additional Information  

Category:  Engineering 

Location:  703 Rodi Road, East Park Two, Suite 300, Pittsburgh, PA 15235 USA 
Exempt    

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Pittsburgh, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         61890
