Acara Solutions is looking for a Data Scientist for our client located in Oldsmar, FL 
Exhibits an exceptional degree of ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness. 
Applies and develops highly advanced technical technologies, scientific principles, theories and concepts. 
Exhibits an exceptional degree of ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness. 
Applies and develops highly advanced technical technologies, scientific principles, theories and concepts. 
The responsibilities of this position include collaboration with business stakeholders to identify business opportunities and requirements to develop associated analytical models that deliver useful, actionable insights, or recommendations. 
Responsible for modeling complex business problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. 
The candidate will need a combination of business focus, creative thinking, strong analytical and problem solving skills and programming knowledge to be able to quickly cycle hypothesis through the discovery phase of the project. 
  


Required Skills / Qualifications: 
High School Diploma or GED. 
Minimum of 5 years’ experience with advanced algorithm training and development, distributed computing and deep learning. 
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in applying data science against business and industrial data to support intelligence collection and data fusion. 
Minimum 1 year experience with natural language processing, story-telling and visualization, leading predictive analytics projects from problem framing to delivery of products to customer. 
Preferred Skills / Qualifications: 
Previous experience Excellent written and communications skills to report back the findings in a clear, structured manner are needed. 
Strong knowledge of cutting-edge algorithms, as well as their strengths and weaknesses. 
Must have strong problem solving skills, business acumen, and demonstrated excellent oral and written communication skills. 
R, Python, SQL, Hive, Spark. 
Additional description: 
• Upon offer of employment, the individual will be subject to background check and a drug screen.

 Aleron companies; Acara Solutions, Aleron Shared Resources, Broadleaf Results, Lume Strategies, Viaduct, and Aleron's strategic partner, SDI are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.

Applicants for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not meet the employment requirements for individuals with F-1 OPT STEM work authorization status. 


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Fort Worth, TX 76108 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         High School or equivalent 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         449059
