Help us transform patients' lives.

At UCB, we put our heart, soul, and skills into making a difference for people living with severe disease. Working together to push the boundaries, we blend the best of our talents to unlock innovation. Will you join us in our pioneering adventure?

Description

The System Optimization Data Scientist will be responsible for assisting with the development of novel visualization, machine learning, optimization and statistical inference solutions for a global biopharmaceutical company focused on creating value for people living with severe diseases

The candidate should have experience in utilizing advanced data science modeling techniques to support analysis

Knowledge of healthcare-specific data sources from vendors such as IQVIA, Symphony, Optum, etc. is preferred

Key Responsibilities

Develop prototypes and proof of concepts with novel visualization to showcase the utility of new data assets and capabilities under assessment

Monitor and analyze the outputs and data pipelines of the data warehouse to identify opportunities for system optimization and improvement

Perform exploratory data analysis, generating and testing working hypotheses, and uncovering interesting trends and relationships in order to develop new capabilities for the data infrastructure

Partner with the Data and Knowledge Management Lead and external vendors in implementing solutions for system optimization

Requirements

Advanced degree in a relevant discipline such as Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Statistics, Bioinformatics, etc.

3+ years of experience

Proficient in the Spark big data ecosystem as well as Python and R programming languages

Experience in extracting, cleaning, preparing and modeling data

Technical aptitude or exposure to database structure, data dictionaries, and similar

Experience translating business needs to deliverables

Self-motivated team player with willingness to quickly research and pick up new concepts

Excellent written & verbal communication skills, including the ability to clearly communicate technical information to non-technical partners

Strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills

Background in Lean Six Sigma is a plus

UCB is a global biopharmaceutical company. We focus on discovering and developing innovative medicines and lateral solutions that can transform the everyday lives of people with severe diseases of the immune system – or the central nervous system.

With more than 7500 people in approximately 40 countries, UCB offers an exciting working environment where initiative can flourish and those with a ‘can-do’ attitude can thrive. Scientific excellence, innovation, co-creation, lateral thinking, reinventing the way we do things…these are some of the key competencies we are constantly developing, and looking for, at UCB.
