One Concern is a startup which specializes in Artificial Intelligence for Natural Disasters. With our team of global disaster scientists and engineers, we have developed a platform that helps emergency responders prepare for and make the most critical decisions during the first moments of a crisis, with the main goal of saving lives.

We are looking for an Earthquake/Structural Engineering expert also experienced in machine learning to join our team at One Concern. This role will work on development and improvement of machine learning models designed for our earthquake module. You will be identifying new useful data sources, envisioning creative applications of machine learning and building models to improve damage prediction due to earthquakes on structures.

We work in a highly collaborative, challenging and exciting environment. Our engineering challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable stepping in uncharted territory and excited to create systems that can scale to all disasters and geographies. If you are problem solver, think out-of-the-box, love challenging yourself, and want to work for a cause, we would love to have you at One Concern.

We are committed to a workplace that reflects the community we serve. We especially encourage women, people of color, and others who are underrepresented in the tech industry to apply.

What you will do

Develop and improve machine learning techniques tuned for earthquake modeling

Identify new useful data sources, envisioning creative applications of machine learning to our earthquake module

Build models to improve damage prediction of structures due to earthquakes

Evaluate model predictions and quantify uncertainties between observed and predicted outcomes using statistical and GIS tools

Collaborate with an interdisciplinary team of software engineers and data scientists on cross-functional projects, interpreting data, and translating into actionable insights

Provide support on ad-hoc analysis and reports

Must-haves:

PhD (preferred) or Master’s degree in Structural Engineering, Geophysics, Civil Engineering, or related field ;

2+ year experience in machine learning, statistics and quantitative analytics;

Proficiency in programming languages (Python, C/C++, Fortran and/or others) and visualization tools

Strong drive to learn new topics and skills and to develop innovative products for our customers.

Good to have:

Professional Certification in related engineering field

Experience linking measurement data with process-based models (e.g. via data assimilation, calibration, optimization and/or performance testing)

Strong publication record is a big plus

Understanding of MySQL, Postgres, Redshift, relational databases etc

Experience with end-to-end product pipelines

Perks and Benefits

Market-competitive salary plus equity

Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance

Daily catered lunches, and a fully-stocked kitchen

Generous PTO policy

Team off-sites

Flexible working hours
