Overview

Find your purpose and your best career moments, perhaps even your life’s best moments. We’re the region’s leading health system, locally owned and not-for-profit. One of just four U.S. health systems to achieve Magnet accreditation four times, St. Luke's is an attractive place to grow your career. Being ranked at the top is great validation for the work we do, but our friends and neighbors here in Idaho are the real winners.

St. Luke’s is looking for a Data Scientist to join the Data Management team within the Data & Analytics organization. Your work, to deliver innovative data solutions, will have a direct impact helping transform how we work to deliver on population health by improving outcomes and lowering costs.

Our talented team is driven by a strong sense of purpose. That's our independent Idaho spirit, and we're looking for like-minded professionals to join us.

Job Functions:

Uses advanced analytics methods to extract value from clinical, financial and operational business data. Seeks to

understand business needs, and gets results that have a clear, positive, and direct impact on business performance.

Performs large-scale experimentation and build data-driven models to help solve business challenges. Builds and deploys predictive models, web scrapping, and scalable data pipelines.

Conducts research on cutting-edge techniques and tools in machine learning/deep learning/artificial intelligence.

Applies different strategies to convince others to change their opinions or plans and ensures that proposals or arguments are supported by strong logic and a compelling business case, addressing all relevant factors.

Collaborates and works with teams of other SLHS functions to manage statistical data and create different models based on organizational needs.

Determines requirements that will be used to train and evolve deep learning models and algorithms.

Articulates a vision and roadmap for the exploitation of data as a valued corporate asset.

Evangelizes best practices to analytics and products teams.

Provides leadership, coaching, and/or mentoring to a subordinate group; may act as a "lead" or first-level supervisor.

Possesses solid working knowledge of subject matter.

Performs other duties and responsibilities as assigned.

Required Criteria:

Education: Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, or other closely related field

Experience: 2 years of additional relevant experience.

Licenses/Certifications: Must have one of the following certifications: R, MATLAB, SAS or Python

Our employees enjoy many benefits, some of the most popular are tuition reimbursement, hospital retirement contributions, and hospital-supported on-going training and education.

If you’re looking for a place where you can grow in your personal life, in your career, and in your community, St. Luke’s may be just the place for you.

A strong, talented staff is at the heart of St. Luke’s Health System. We are the state’s largest employer with more than 13,500 employees and a medical staff of more than 1,800 physicians and advanced practice clinicians. Our employees are dedicated to impacting the lives of those in our community while pursuing a life- changing career at St. Luke’s. Our staff is the reason for our outstanding reputation as both a quality employer and superior healthcare organization. We’re proud of our people who deliver skilled, compassionate care every day, and are looking to add dedicated individuals who will continue in the same tradition of excellence.

With multiple locations in the beautiful southern and central Idaho, our mild, four season climate means you can play outdoors year-round. Whether you prefer leisurely walks along the river or heart-pounding climbs up a sheer cliff- there is always something to do after work. An exciting mix of urban and outdoor life defines Idaho’s culture, you can ski in the morning and watch a college sporting event at night. It is a great state to raise a family and forge lasting relationships. The cost of living is low, and quality of life is high.

__________________

#One of America’s Top 15 Health Systems - U.S.News & World Report, "America's Best Hospitals 2015-2016"

St. Luke’s is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, religion, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other status or condition protected by law.
