EDUCATION DESIRED: Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related discipline. 5+ years industry experience.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Join a team of scientists and engineers creating a variety of next generation semi-conductor technologies.

The applicant will be responsible for development and operation of software systems for data analytics, data visualization, and data integrity. Use statistical analysis to generate new insights into our technology development process. Work with scientists and engineers to ensure source data is extracted, transformed, and uploaded to databases. Work closely with information assurance team to ensure database integrity. Work closely with engineering and business teams to ensure data analytics and database needs are met. Assist software engineers in the development of applications. Participate in design proposals/reviews, generate documentation, and assist with troubleshooting.

EXPERIENCE DESIRED: Proficiency in database technologies including SQL and NoSQL, schema design, configuration and maintenance. Proficiency in writing, troubleshooting, and performance tuning of database queries. Writing scripts for data extraction, transformation, and loading. Proficiency with statistical analysis software. Ability to identify problems and effectively communicate solutions to peers and management. Experience working in an Agile team environment.

KNOWLEDGE DESIRED: Database technologies such as MS SQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, CouchDB, etc. Programming languages such as Python, R, Javascript, C++. Software development tools such as Git, Jenkins, MS Visual Studio. Windows and Linux computing environments. MS Office.

ESSENTIAL PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS: Excellent written and verbal communications skills, ability to work in a fast-paced environment with other team members, excellent problem solving skills, ability to spend long periods of time at a computer monitor.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS (e.g. driver’s license special tools or restrictions): U.S. citizenship. Active security clearance or ability to obtain one.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a "U.S. Person" as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. "U.S. Person" includes U.S. Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
