Relayr is the fastest growing and one of the most successful industrial internet of things (IIoT) organizations. With 250+ employees and 5 years of company history we are successfully helping companies in industrial markets to navigate disruption and stay relevant. Our unique combination of applying world-class technology, powerful financial and insurance offerings, with dedicated professional services allows us to deliver guaranteed business outcomes to customers.

Join a team that values automation, low-friction processes and developer driven decisions!

We are looking to recruit highly motivated engineers and scientists that can successfully rise to the diverse challenges in the emerging market of Internet of Things. Currently we are seeking a Data Scientist to join our team and be based in our Chicago office.

Your tasks:

Help Relayr build the world’s most advanced IoT Cloud Platform.

Develop and assist in developing internal data processing tools.

Design, prototype and refine machine learning algorithms.

Research new machine learning methods and publish papers.

Design, prototype and collaborate with the backend team in implementing large scale data processing systems for the cloud and edge.

Perform ad-hoc data analysis and present results.

Prototype and iterate quickly.

Engage in architectural discussions.

Participate in customer workshops to map business goals to the set of products we are developing.

Your skills:

Minimum 3-5 years of experience in the analytics field

Significant experience with machine learning techniques, ideally supervised learning and anomaly detection

Significant experience with Deep Learning

Good experience with Python and Java, C++ and Apache Spark are a bonus

Comfortable with database systems and distributed processing

Ability to explain data science concepts and requirements to non-technical audiences

We Offer:

A diverse and friendly team with people from all over the world – Germany, Poland, US, UK, France, Italy.

Connecting you with a network of companies and people from around the globe.

Competitive salary and a learning environment where you can extend and build upon your skills and interests, a focus on growth.

Knowledge sharing from the best entrepreneurs in the industry.

Easy integration into a highly professional and passionate team.

Good office location in central Chicago area

We offer the ability to work in a cutting-edge field with the best people in the IoT industry!

Sounds interesting? Please apply here:

https://relayr.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=136
