Job Description

Description

Are you interested in applying your technical expertise to solving noble missions related to national and global security, the health of the planet, or the nation’s food supply? SAIC is a leading provider of innovative solutions that make a profound difference in the world. We are expanding our team of Data Scientists. If you’re looking for an opportunity to work in a fast-paced and highly collaborative environment, we’re looking for you.

Job Description:

SAIC is seeking a Junior Data Scientist with knowledge and experience in data analytics.

Job Responsibilities:

Independently performs complex data analytics tasks involving the application of advanced data mining principles, practices, and techniques which require knowledge of customer data domains.

Analyzes, evaluates, and integrates data mining solutions to complex and diverse problem sets.

Integration with data analytics platforms such as Apache Spark, Apache Hadoop is needed.

Practices the application of optimum data mining techniques in accordance with customer specifications, quality standards, schedule, and funding guidelines.

Delivers technical presentations to senior management and customers.

Combine the data result sets across multiple sources.

Design and implement new analytics & dashboards.

Provide support for proposal response, prototype development and demonstrations as required

Qualifications

Required Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree and 2 years' related experience.

At least 2 years of experience in Data Mining, predictive analysis, and/or machine learning.

Experience with visualization software and programming languages, including analytics methods for big data.

Experience with working in interdisciplinary teams.

Excellent writing skills and ability to communicate effectively.

Ability to develop briefing materials, administrative, and logistics support.

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
