Please review the job details below.

Do you have a head for numbers? Like turning real world problems into mathematical representations and checking to see if you did it right? If you like that, you’ll love developing algorithms with us! Our customers have some of the most interesting needs and hardest challenges to resolve. Our solutions require integrated models based on large and varied datasets, feeding analytic applications so that we can extract patterns and behaviors obscured within the data to augment the capabilities of human operators.

Maxar Technologies is seeking a Jr. Data Scientist to work on all stages of the data science pipeline, to include applying existing machine learning software across large hyper-parameter trade spaces, developing new machine learning algorithms and evaluating the best the commercial AI/ML industry has to offer to our problem set.

Why us?

We build advanced algorithms to gain analytic insights from a large range of open source and government data

We enable machine learning systems, automate workflow, and design and develop custom applications for unique national-security mission

We operate an end-to-end predictive analytic platform unlike any other within the US Government

We provide training to expand your skills and challenges to develop them

Our client’s missions are vital to national security, so we’re mission-first always

Our work environment is relaxed business casual

At our core we believe and practice social responsibility

What would you be doing?

Extracting and transforming data using programming languages such as Java and Python and associated open source data analytics libraries

Ascertaining unique ways to apply algorithms to derive specific customer data analytic results

Applying big data analytics tools to large, diverse sets of collection data to assess risk of adverse threat activities

Extending existing algorithms as required to support customer requirements

Applying data science methods to create and optimize convolutional neural networks that will perform classification, localization and segmentation of various modalities of remotely-sensed imagery

Minimum Qualifications:

Must have a current/active TS/SCI and be willing and able to obtain a CI Polygraph

Requires 2 years of relevant experience.

Requires a Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Science or related field.

Experience in at least one of these languages: R, VBA, Java, C++, SQL, Python

#cjpost

MAXAR Technologies offers a generous compensation package including a competitive salary; choice of medical plan; dental, life, and disability insurance; a 401(K) plan with competitive company match; paid holidays and paid time off.
