Under the supervision of the Manager of Enterprise Data Governance and Insurance Data Science, works with various internal and external stakeholders to deliver advanced Insurance and Finance analytics capabilities and reporting methods (Insurance Data Science).

Partners with Business, IT, and other analytics teams to provide insights on specific projects and platforms from insurance analytics/data perspective.

This person will be involved in providing senior level financial, business and analytical solutions and support, and ensures that appropriate methods are in place to track results and key metrics critical to helping the organization achieve its long-term goals and objectives.

Responsibilities

Support Finance and Insurance operations such as actuarial analysis, reinsurance renewal, claims support, rate setting, insurance reporting, various risk analysis by using different software and tools; provide advanced data analysis and modeling.

Identifies, evaluates, and reports on business results and metrics for senior managers using advanced data science methods and tools. Assist with the preparation of Committee and Board level materials.

Help to support and maintain systems used for financial and reinsurance reporting and analytics.

Works with reinsurers, actuaries, accountants, financial analysts and other stakeholders to provide data, reporting, advanced analysis and insights.

Performs deep dives into a varying array of data sources, determining the appropriate data for the analysis to be performed, identifying potential uses, and preparing for analysis

Other activities and tasks as assigned.

Requirements

Bachelor degree in a relevant quantitative discipline is required.

Master degree in a relevant quantitative discipline is as plus.

1-3 years’ working experience in data science related fields.

1-3 years’ experience and knowledge in developing and operating analytics models and systems/software; understanding of all aspects of analytical modeling and familiarity with key systems/software (such as principles of machines learning, regressions, classifications, clustering, deep learning).

Demonstrated experience with SQL, R or a comparable programming language.(Python, SAS, SPSS)

Past experience working with analytics and Business intelligence tools such as R, SAP Business Objects, Python, IBM Cognos, SAS, JMP, and Tableau.

Prior experience working directly or indirectly with actuaries and understanding of actuary and reinsurance activities and mythologies in an insurance company, and how data and reports are consumed by actuaries and reinsurers is a plus.

Prior experience in insurance reporting such as financial, claims, reinsurance, actuary and underwriting reporting is a plus.

1-3 years’ experience combined with understanding of insurance principles, business processes and workflows is a plus.
