Summary:

The Senior Data Scientist will support and contribute to Little Caesar Enterprises and Ilitch Companies analytics direction to help us gain an understanding of our data and analytics journey. This position will partner with business analysts and identify the appropriate data models to answer business questions – ranging from descriptive to prescriptive deliverables. This role will help to lead the creation of customer, store operations and warehousing/distribution profiles, build predictive data models and define how to utilize tools to conduct analysis. This position will have the authority to analyze, manipulate and translate data to meet customer expectations and will handle confidential and proprietary information.

Key Responsibilities:

Identify, scope, & lead advanced analytics projects as required by customer relationships, and timely delivery of agreed to work products. Create on-going reporting and dashboards.

Process, clean and verify data integrity; conduct ad hoc advanced analytics techniques.

Manipulate and investigate large and complex datasets; formulate data requirements and model specifications needed for analytics. Includes utilizing techniques that include:

algorithms to find patterns in data and use to build and clarify models to derive customer trends.

Develop models that can be repurposed over time and be customized for specific situations.

Extend Little Caesars Enterprises and Ilitch Companies data by identifying internal, external and third-party data sources needed for analytics; work with internal IT teams to combine, enhance and validate data collection procedures.

Explore data using a variety of advanced statistical (e.g., data mining) techniques and tools to answer business questions.

Combine business acumen with mathematical capabilities to build complex data models to support business partner objectives and business information needs.

Incorporate findings and provides industry and competitor insights as part of model development and enhancement.

Provide peer review related to analytics methods and results; mentor analyst staff.

Deliver engaging onsite presentations to customers and actively participate in analytics related components of customer Innovation

Supplemental Job Functions:

1. Other duties as assigned.

Minimum Skills, Knowledge and Abilities:

Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Analytics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering. Computer Science, quantitative discipline or equivalent.

Minimum of eight (8) years’ experience in and solid knowledge of analytics and data mining techniques.

Sophisticated understanding of complex data models including from descriptive to prescriptive analytics concepts.

Strong understanding and experience with online and offline data; champion and excite teams on data-driven solutions.

Positive, can-do attitude; ability to be flexible and open to changes in requirements, directions or circumstances with minimal need for reorientation.

Strong experience with data mining, quantitative analytics, insights creation and delivering/presenting results and recommendations.

Demonstrated success in working with and influencing stakeholders, business partners ross-functionally.

Proficient in Python and R.

Experience with open source packages for modeling and data processing, relational databases and SQL skills, cloud infrastructures and/or software engineering.

Working knowledge of visualization tools like Tableau or Power BI.

Strong leadership and change management skills.

Ability to work effectively as part of a team, and with all levels of management.

Work comfortably with ambiguity and in a fast-paced environment.

Preferred Skills:

Master’s degree in Math, Analytics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering. Computer Science, quantitative discipline or equivalent.

Experience in the QSR Restaurant or hospitality environment.

Experience supporting marketing and insights functions.Work Environment:

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, testing equipment (registers, printers, etc.).
