All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California)

A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career?

Responsibilities

The Aerospace Corporation is seeking a Data Scientist with a keen knowledge and interest in cloud systems and solutions focused on development using cutting-edge technologies and frameworks. The qualified candidate will become part of the Data Science and AI Department, where they will develop tools, prototypes and production systems and analytic applications for mission-critical space systems.

Key Functions

Evaluation of selected technologies for specific system development tasks

Assessment of the maturity and prevalence of technologies in industry for use in scalable and resilient mission-critical applications in a production environment

Presentation of evaluation results to senior members of team with recommendation for best path forward for project

Development of prototypes and proof-of-concept software/systems for distributed, mission-critical systems

Application of engineering techniques, procedures and criteria in software/system development and design

Development of proof-of-concept infrastructure configuration and software prototypes for/with team leads

Development and execution of experiments with advanced software technologies (e.g. virtualization/cloud platforms, software technologies, etc.) to prove technology viability for specific application/system

Working in a fast-paced, feature-driven environment with small teams that deliver features and products

Learning and understanding of new and cutting-edge technologies for utilization within product development and lifecycles

Creating an environment of learning and progress with team members and others

Performance standards to be successful in this position include the following:

Creativity and problem-solving skills

Exceptional written and oral communication skills

Effective interpersonal skills and the ability to work in and with interdisciplinary teams

Detail-oriented with strong organizational and time management skills

Flexible and able to adapt to changing organizational needs technically and socially

Character that is consistent with the company’s values of Dedication to Mission Success, Technical Excellence, Commitment to Our People, Integrity & Objectivity, and Innovation

Qualifications

This position can be filled as a Data Scientist or a Sr. Data Scientist

Required for Data Scientist

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, or related field(s) from a recognized institution

Typically 2 or more years of professional experience in software development.

Software development skills in at least two different languages (e.g. Java, Python, C/C++)

Experience and understanding of software engineering concepts

Experience and understanding of machine learning and statistics

Working knowledge of Unix/Linux operating systems

Leadership or technical responsibility in one or more software development or computer engineering projects

Requires the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance

Required for Sr. Data Scientist

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or related field(s) from a recognized institution

Typically 5 or more years of professional experience in software development

Software development skills in at least two different languages (e.g. Java, Python, C/C++)

Experience and understanding of software engineering concepts

Experience and understanding of machine learning and statistics

Working knowledge of Unix/Linux operating systems

Leadership or technical responsibility in one or more software development or computer engineering projects

Requires the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance

Preferred

Undergraduate GPA 3.5 or higher

Advanced degree in a technically related field or time spent pursuing graduate studies in a pertinent field.

Proficiency in Python and/or C++ programming languages

Experience with data visualization and user interfaces

Experience with statistical modeling tools (R, Python, Octave/Matlab, etc..)

Experience in image/signal processing, statistics, data mining and predictive modeling

Experience in SQL, NoSQL and other big data querying languages

Familiarity with statistical tests, distributions, maximum likelihood estimators, etc…

Experience with machine learning methods like random forests, logistic regression, neural networks, k-nearest neighbors, etc…

Proficiency in at least one visualization tool and/or library (D3, Matplotlib, MS Excel, etc…)

Experience utilizing Scikit-learn, OpenCV, Caffe/TensorFlow libraries

Experience in collecting data from/exposing data to various data sources and services (API, XML, JSON, etc…)

Active security clearance

Participation in extracurricular activities related to data science (e.g. Kaggle competitions)

Experience in implementing real-time machine learning and data mining algorithms in large scale environments

Experience with big data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, etc.)

Transcript Requirement

Transcripts are required for this position.

Additional Requisition Details

Clearance Requirement: Secret

Access: None

Polygraph: None

Relocation Available: Yes

Employment Type: Regular

Work Schedule: Full Time

Company Statement

The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.

From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world.

All Aerospace employees working in organizations with technical responsibilities are required to apply for and maintain at least a Secret clearance. U.S. citizenship is required for those positions.

Equal Opportunity Commitment

The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, genetic information, marital status, ancestry, national origin, protected veteran status, physical disability, medical condition, mental disability, or disability status and any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. If you’re an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran who needs assistance using our online job search and application tools or need reasonable accommodation to complete the job application process, please contact us by phone at 310.336.5432 or by email at ieo.mailbox@aero.org. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

Nearest Major Market: Los Angeles

Job Segment: Database, Scientific, Scientist, Engineer, Developer, Engineering, Technology, Science
