Relapath LLC is searching for a Consultant to perform in an Advanced Analytics Data Scientist role to work with a range of proprietary, industry standard and open source data stores to assemble, organize and analyze data.

Job Description:

Will perform duties within the Business Analytics & Data Services department.

Develop and implement methods of measuring and analyzing data sets and processes.

Works on research ideas, prototypes and proofs of concepts both in collaboration with other data scientists and business analysts.

Play a pivotal role in the planning, execution and delivery of Data Science and Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) based projects.

Bulk of the work will be in areas of data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration, Machine Learning (ML) and Statistical Modelling.

Perform their job duties with little to no technical guidance.

Mentor less technical data resources to help grow our data literacy as an organization.

We are looking for these required skills:

Candidates should have 1+ years of relevant experience working as a Data Scientist solving business problems.

Coding knowledge and experience R and/or Python required.

Coding knowledge and experience in SQL required.

Must demonstrate the ability to work in diverse, cross-functional teams.

Should be confident, energetic self-starters, with strong moderation and communication skills.

EDUCATION

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Operations Research, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related quantitative field [or equivalent work experience such as, economics, engineering and physics] is required.

Alternate experience and education in equivalent areas such as economics, engineering or physics, is acceptable.

Experience in more than one area is strongly preferred.

Candidates for this position with Relapath LLC must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

Relapath LLC is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.
