Data Scientist 
  BCforward is seeking a Data Scientist for a large pharmaceutical company located in San Diego, CA.    
  Expected Duration: Long -term with PTO and Paid Holiday     
The data scientist role has an emphasis in the areas of machine learning and artificial intelligence, natural language processing and other approaches to unstructured data, advanced mathematical and predictive modeling, visual analytics and more.
Responsibilities include:  
Partner with key business partners and work within team to identify, scope, and execute analytic efforts that answer business questions, solve business needs, and add business value 
Maintain a broad understanding of question and be fully engaged with teams, bringing an objective voice to the table, and facilitating decisions grounded in data 
Collaborate with other analytics team members to review and provide feedback on the analytics work being done, and be willing to seek feedback from other team members about your own work 
Stay current with respect to machine learning/statistical/mathematical/informatics modeling methodology, to maintain proficiency in applying new and varied methods, and to be competent in justifying methods
Basic Qualifications  
Masters in Statistics, Computer Science, Biostatistics, Operations Research or quantitative related field OR Master in Computer Science/Computer Engineering with at least 2 years related working experience.
Additional Skills/Preferences  
Have good understanding of data analysis methods. 
Good communication skills with can-do mindset. 
Knowledgeable of optimization algorithms, such as nonlinear optimizations. 
Good programming skills, and familiar with programming languages such as Python and R and machine learning packages such as TensorFlow. 
Have research experience in constraint convex optimization. Knowledgeable on non-convex optimization, mixed integer programming. 
Have research experience in reinforcement learning, deep learning, and knowledgeable in general machine learning algorithms. 
Knowledgeable in software design, such as familiar with design patterns. 
Bring an insatiable desire to learn, to innovate, and to challenge yourself for the benefit of patients.
Nice-to-have qualities:  
Statistics background 
Experience in biotech industry    
Interested candidates please send resume in Word format  Please reference job code  89663  when responding to this ad.  
   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Diego, CA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Manufacturing - Other; Computer Hardware; Computer Software 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         BCforward_89663_1563990892
