Overview 
As a  Data Scientist - Epidemiology  you will work as a key member and play a central role in the design, planning, execution, and implementation of Health and Life Sciences (HLS) solutions and products that include SAS Episode Analytics and SAS Real World Evidence. You will be interacting closely both with internal HLS research teams as well as our external partners.  You will understand the complexities associated with working with observational healthcare data, electronic medical records, and clinical ontologies for purposes of organizing, standardizing, and analyzing information from these data sources. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with talented and dedicated colleagues to make a difference in patient healthcare. 
  
 Responsibilities:    
Design and conduct statistical analyses based on data generated from different large-scale databases (electronic medical records (EMR), administrative claims, longitudinal databases, etc.).  
Research and implement statistical methods and computational algorithms appropriate for modeling comparative and cost-effectiveness, episode of care, burden of disease, population health, and analytical techniques designed for evaluation of fee-for-service payments, bundled payments, shared savings, and cost-reduction intervention models.  
Develop high-quality statistical software by designing, programming, testing, and documenting code.  
Remain current on state-of-the-art statistical methods developed at SAS.  
Develop expertise in one or more specialized areas of predictive modeling, forecasting, and machine learning by participating in research conferences and professional activities.  
Assist in the development of analytical tools to measure provider performance, clinical outcomes, and disease prevention initiatives.  
Work closely with the technical support and testing groups as well as provide research support associated with the acquisition, validation, and management of data from different data sources.  
Become proficient in the use of SAS software products; especially SAS VIYA, SAS/STAT, SAS high performance procedures, and statistical add-on SAS products such as Visual Analytics, Visual Statistics, Enterprise Miner and Forecast Server, and other SAS products to further enhance analytical capabilities of HLS solutions.  
E ssential Requirements:    
Advanced degree (MD, PhD, or MS) in a related discipline such as Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Health / Medical Informatics, Health Economics and Service Utilization, etc. Equivalent experience may be considered.   
Experience working with and analyzing large observational / administrative healthcare claims data and experience with provider network contracting and in-depth knowledge of healthcare payers and providers market.   
Strong understanding of Biostatistics, research methodology, and potential biases encountered when working with observational healthcare data.  
6+ years of experience analyzing data, including at least 5+ years of proficiency with SAS software for statistical analysis and application development.   
 Additional Skills and Abilities:    
Ability to work creatively, independently, and as part of a multi-organizational research team.  
Highly motivated and desires to constantly learn new skills, systems and processes.  
Thorough knowledge of at least three operating systems supported by SAS software.  
Ability to communicate with people with various technical backgrounds, think analytically, write and edit technical material, and relate statistical concepts and applications to statistical and non-statistical SAS users.   
Publication record in the field of population health management, HEOR methods, and intervention studies.   
Travel as business requirements dictate and at management discretion (currently less than 10%).  
SAS looks not only for the right skills, but also a fit to our core values. We seek colleagues who will contribute to the unique values that makes SAS such a great place to work. We look for the total candidate: technical skills, values fit, relationship skills, problem solvers, good communicators and, of course, innovators. Candidates must be ready to make an impact. 
  
 Additional Information:  
To qualify, applicants must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future, sponsorship for employment visa status. SAS is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Read more: Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law. Also view the supplement EEO is the Law, and the notice Pay Transparency  
  
Equivalent combination of education, training and experience may be considered in place of the above qualifications. The level of this position will be determined based on the applicant's education, skills and experience. Resumes may be considered in the order they are received. SAS employees performing certain job functions may require access to technology or software subject to export or import regulations. To comply with these regulations, SAS may obtain nationality or citizenship information from applicants for employment. SAS collects this information solely for trade law compliance purposes and does not use it to discriminate unfairly in the hiring process. 
  
 Want to stay up to date with life at SAS, products and jobs? Follow us on LinkedIn    

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Cary HQ, NC 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         18500
