Are you looking for an exciting career in Data Science? 3 Reasons why 
 The Judge Group   should be your Next:  
Bravery      is in your DNA and challenges do not scare you 
 
You      want to work with people who inspire you
 
You      are agile and want to evolve continuously 
  

&nbsp; 

Come, join us at The Judge Group and pursue the Next in your career. 
We are looking for the curious and the creative for the following open position: 
Data Scientist - Senior/ Saint Louis, MO /12+ months project 
  


&nbsp;  

Description:  Design, implement and optimize algorithms for unsupervised and supervised learning based on structured and unstructured data. Develop powerful business insights from social, marketing, industrial data and public policy using advanced machine learning techniques. Work closely with the software engineering team to productize analytic software. Collaborate with system integration and data warehouse engineers on data extraction and data cleaning. Work in a highly interactive, team-oriented environment. Requires a bachelor's degree in a STEM or related field and 5 years of experience, or a Master's degree in same with 3 years, or a PhD. 

Additional Info:   

Project Details: Design and build new analytics models, analyze novel business problems, incorporate the latest techniques using the best tools available. Customer segmentation, pricing and risk models. Results will drive business decisions and significant revenue.  


Team Dynamic/Culture:  Eight person team, growing, highly skilled, open to new ideas.  


MUST HAVES:  Knowledge of statistical techniques, ability to communicate effectively, either R or Python. Creativity and initiative, critical thinking skills.  


Nice to haves:  R and Python are nice but other tools like SAS are ok. However willingness and ability to learn must substitute.  

Have had successful candidates come from CIBO and the Federal Reserve.     

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Maryland Heights, MO 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Healthcare Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         621282
