Location: Auburn Hills, MI 
Duration: 6 months w/possible of extension &ndash; long term project 
&nbsp; 
 Description:  
The Data Scientist is a role within the Business Analytics &amp; Data Services department. They play a pivotal role in the planning, execution and delivery of data science and machine learning and AI based projects. The bulk of the work will be in areas of data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration, machine learning (ML) and statistical modelling. It is expected that successful candidates will be able to perform their job duties with little to no technical guidance. They will also be expected to mentor less technical data resources to help grow our data literacy as an organization. 
&nbsp; 
 Required Skills:  
- A Bachelor&rsquo;s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Operations Research, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or a related quantitative field [or equivalent work experience such as, economics, engineering and physics] is required. Alternate experience and education in equivalent areas such as economics, engineering or physics, is acceptable. Experience in more than one area is strongly preferred. 
- Candidates should have 1+ years of relevant experience working as a Data Scientist solving business problems. 
- Coding knowledge and experience R and/or Python required. 
- Coding knowledge and experience in SQL required. 
- Must demonstrate the ability to work in diverse, cross-functional teams. 
- Should be confident, energetic self-starters, with strong moderation and communication skills.


As an equal opportunity employer, ICONMA prides itself on creating an employment environment that supports and encourages the abilities of all persons regardless of race, color, gender, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, or disability.



 
Suman Dabbeta
Cell:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (732) 609-2156 


  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Auburn Hills, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-10553
