Job Description

Description

The Data Scientist I will utilize the advanced application of statistical analysis, modeling, machine learning, natural language processing, image processing and data mining to support the development and implementation Advanced Analytics projects. This position will contribute to the analysis, interpretation, presentation and deployment of data science solutions to support OSF Healthcare’s strategic objectives.

Qualifications

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Master’s Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science or other related quantitative discipline.

2 years of experience applying analytic methods to large, complex datasets

2 years of experience using Python or R

Epic Clarity data model fundamentals training is required within 90 days of employment and certification within 6 months of employment.

Certification must be maintained as new version training is released.

Demonstrated ability to contribute to data science solution development, including: analysis, interpretation, presentation, and ongoing monitoring/support.

Demonstrated competency presenting data science project summaries to clinical and non-clinical audiences across all levels of personnel.

Demonstrated knowledge of both machine learning and statistical modeling methods for descriptive and predictive uses.

Demonstrated competency in Python or R and in advanced feature engineering.

Demonstrated proficiency in SQL to extract and transform data.

Demonstrated experience working with health information system databases.

Advanced understanding of health care clinical, operational and financial data.

Demonstrated tolerance for ambiguity.

Demonstrated comfort working as a part of a team or independently, as required.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

2 years of healthcare related analytics experience

2 years of experience working within the EPIC data ecosystem

EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disabled

Job seekers will be afforded equal opportunity regardless of their race, ethnicity, veteran status or disability status.
