CVP is seeking several highly talented Data Scientists to provide expertise across several projects to improve healthcare delivery and outcomes. Our mission is to architect, build, and support innovative health care IT systems which focus on optimizing quality programs.

The Data Scientist will apply advanced statistical methods to healthcare data looking for new insights and measures that can improve performance. The role also includes validating predictive models and diagnosing issues related to model performance.

The professional in this role will collaborate with team members to develop dynamic dashboards that enhance the utility of information. We seek a creative individual with experience in geospatial analysis, visualizations, and adoption of innovative techniques and approaches.

Position Responsibilities

Develop statistical models and algorithms and apply to data and claims analysis for various quality programs.

Coordinate the design, development and testing of complex and efficient code for analysis of large data sets

Subject matter expertise related to specified health care programming & analytic activities, projects, and deliverables

Develop dynamic dashboards to enhance the value of information provided

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Health Informatics & Statistics. Ten (10+) years of experience accepted in lieu of education.

Statistical analysis experience (from junior to senior levels).

Strong knowledge of the use of R and/or Python for data analysis.

Experience with Tableau, MicroStrategy, Tibco, or other dashboarding/analytic tools

Experience applying methods including Bayesian statistics, logistic regression, hierarchical modeling, and risk adjustment to healthcare data.

Desired Qualifications

Strong background in health services research and statistical methodologies

General HHS CMS experience with CCSQ, Medicaid and Medicare claims

Predictive analytics/machine learning experience

PySpark (Python) or Sparkly (R)

SAS

AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud platform experience

Customer Value Partners, Inc. is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability. Customer Value Partners seeks to provide employment opportunities for protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.

#ZR
