Do you want to use your skills and talent to make a meaningful impact on healthcare?

Wolters Kluwer Health is a fast-growing and innovation-driven healthcare information technology company working on the front lines of clinical care. Our talented team of clinicians, technologists, and product visionaries collaborate to provide advanced solutions that tackle some of the most challenging problems in our healthcare system.

We are searching for a data scientist who is passionate about technology and healthcare to build models and applications in areas such Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. You should be willing to take on challenges of unknown dimensions, and work hand in hand with clinicians, customers, and developers. You will need to have very strong technical skills in data sciences and a proven ability to deliver products to the market.

Reporting into the Wolters Kluwer Health CTO team, this role is crucial to the continued growth and evolution of one of the leading global healthcare technology companies.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Engage as a key member of the applied data sciences team

A self-starter who can align the technology with the overall product strategy

Develop novel algorithms and models in the medical domain in collaboration with clinicians, product managers, and software engineers

Develop models to infer or predict disease conditions with a high level of accuracy

Work on training and refining various models to attain a high bar of required accuracy needed in healthcare

Learn fast through hands-on rapid prototyping of 3rd party software, both commercial and Open Source, and proprietary development

Assess various machine learning frameworks and packages

Collaborate effectively with other data sciences teams to align on direction and leverage existing tools and knowledge

Monitor trends in AI to influence the solutions within Wolters Kluwer Health

OTHER DUTIES

Performs other duties as assigned by supervisor.

Education:

Bachelors Degree and 5+ years of experience or Masters Degree and 3+ years of experience or PhD and 1+ years of experience. PhD preferred in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or equivalent; specializing in machine learning, NLP, or a related field.

Experience:

Experience in advanced technical domains, data sciences, and machine learning techniques

Familiarity with programming for data science in languages such as Python or R

Demonstrated ability to function within a team of multiple disciplines

The following is highly desired, but not required:

Strong research publication record

Expertise in software development

Experience in Semantic Web technologies

Experience in healthcare

Experience or understanding of SNOMED, ICD-10, LOINC, and CPT

Strong communication skills and the ability to relay and simplify complex concepts

TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS

Up to 5% travel might be needed

All Locations:

USA-MA-Waltham-Third Ave
