Callaway Golf Company is a leader in total performance, premium golf equipment while also being a great place to work! We are passionate and push the limits of innovation. We dare to be great while acting with integrity and respect. We stay hungry, yet humble. All while having fun and making fold enjoyable for everyone!

Our company is a blend of experience and diverse backgrounds, and our leaders have a strong history of building and selling successful initiatives. We are working to build a truly groundbreaking company, and we want top-notch people to join us in that mission.

JOB OVERVIEW

The Golf Data Scientist role consists of collecting, analyzing, and interpreting complex structured and unstructured data focusing on Golf Tour analytics. Responsible for mapping data analytic insights and drawing conclusions from multiple perspective using the data.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Responsible for collecting and creating visual representations to help interpret and draw conclusions from complex data sources.

Responsible for providing individual recommendations to tour player’s caddies based upon data analytic insights.

Responsible for providing data analytics insight to the tour team for future player selection and player retention. Responsible for visually presenting data that provides tour players a detailed understanding of the data in consolidated graphs or charts.

Responsible for providing recommendation towards effectiveness of product utilization on the PGA Tour.

Responsible for providing data analytic insight to Design team in areas of improvement regarding clubs design.

Responsible for providing data analytics insight on how clubs compare during on course play.

TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)

Strong Knowledge of the Game of Golf

Excellent ‘golf IQ’ and understand of different perspectives on how a player selects shots when playing the entire golf course.

Ability to drawing insight from large data sets, creating visual representation to convey insights and provide sound data-driven recommendations.

Excellent ability to interpret complex structured and unstructured data from multiple inputs.

Strong knowledge of Python, R, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn, Keras, Numpy, Pandas, Django, or Flask,

Knowledge of Linux OS

Strong knowledge of Database Design and Webscraping

Ability to interact with and understand efficient use of HPC

Ability to listen well and ask questions.

Ability to work well with all levels of the organization in fast paced, dynamic environment.

Ability to cultivate positive relationships with other associates and collaborate with others in cross-functional teams.

Ability to interface with other groups and disciplines to successfully complete assignments and to make recommendations.

Ability to work beyond functional boundaries to identify opportunities, develop and implement solutions to improve company performance.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Bachelor’s degree in in a STEM field with a focus on Data Science, Master’s degree preferred

Minimum 3 years’ experience building data sets and statistical models or equivalent experience

Golf experience, preferred

Callaway Golf is an Equal Opportunity Employer
