Ref ID: 00900-9502063177Classification: Account Executive/Staffing ManagerCompensation: $85,000.00 to $100,000.00 per yearRobert Half Technology is looking for a full time Data Scientist. Please email Layne Fisher with your resume attached at Layne.Fisher@rht.com Job Requirements Responsibilities: ? Proactively drive and facilitate conversations about data needs with stakeholders across the company ? Build and maintain data pipelines and ETL process ? Design, develop, maintain and enhance data collection procedures and analytic systems ? Understand, unify and integrate data from internal and third-party data sources using industry best practices for scalability, quality, simplicity, and maintainability ? Designing appropriate indexes for new tables, and analyze existing indexes for improvement ? Conduct performance analysis and optimize systems to ensure products provide optimal performance ? Ownership of end-to-end data and analytical solutions including internal and third-party systems and software components ? Design, build and manage the deployment of various big data applications ? Drive self-service analytics initiatives Requirements and Qualifications: ? BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical experience ? 3+ years of experience in custom or structured ETL design, implementation, maintenance and support ? 3+ years of experience with one or more programming language: Python, Scala, Java, R, etc. ? 3+ years of experience with SQL, data definition, and data manipulation ? 3+ years of experience designing, implementing and maintaining SSIS packages ? 3+ years of experience managing ETL with data warehouses (AWS Redshift, Google BigQuery, etc) ? Strong experience working with both structured and unstructured data ? Experience building and optimizing data pipelines and big data sets ? Fluency running automated jobs to manipulate and store data from APIs via Google Compute Engine, Google App Engine, Google Cloud Storage, EC2, AWS Lambda, S3, etc. ? Experience with Spark ? Experience with container applications like Docker ? Expertise creating and managing dashboards in data visualization platforms such as Tableau, Microsoft PowerBI, Google Data Studio, SSRS, etc. ? Excellent written and oral communication skills including facilitation, project management, and working with others in team communicate data-driven insightsTechnology doesn't change the world. People do.As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agenciesThe intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched.Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position.All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.© 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
