We seek a Senior Data Scientist / Analytics Architect to lead a long-term, multi-year project we are staffing in Jacksonville, FL. The Senior Data Scientist / Analytics Architect will produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets. We require someone with recent healthcare claims experience. The Senior Data Scientist / Analytics Architect will apply knowledge of statistics, data modeling, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries. Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models. Generate and test hypotheses. The Senior Data Scientist / Analytics Architect proactively seeks to develop their skillsets and provide value-added support and collaboration with analytics teams within the organization. Job Requirements Senior Data Scientist / Analytics Architect Requirements: · Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer science (e.g. specialization: Machine learning/Artificial Intelligence /Visualization, databases, and Big Data), Statistics, Epidemiology, Health Services Research, or closely related field with Data Science specialization 8+ years of creating / architecting and leading complex data, consumer, business, or some other analytics and data modeling solutions 8+ years of creating/architecting and leading complex data, consumer, business analytics solutions Object-oriented programming such as Python or Java Requires 5 years' experience with SAS, SAS EG, and/or SAS EM Requires 3 years' experience with R Requires expert proficiency in SQL Requires experience with visual analytical packages such as Tableau or Microsoft Power BI Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Experience in supporting large projects, and manage smaller projects in their entirety Ability to partner with senior team members to assess customer needs and define business questions. Emerging ability to influence customers to take action on analytical insights. Must have applied experience with advanced analytics e.g. predictive analytics models Preferred Education Master's degree Applied Mathematics, Computer science (e.g. specialization: Machine learning/Artificial Intelligence /Visualization, databases, and Big Data), Statistics, Epidemiology, Health Services Research, or closely related field with Data Science specialization Preferred Qualifications Experience in Big Data - e.g. Hadoop, Hive and Spark Business Intelligence tool development Other programming experience - Java, Perl, Python, UNIX/Linux scripting Experience with analysis around quality, consumer experience, and healthcare costs Experience in consumer and analytics Experience in business analytics Experience with RStudio IDE, RStudio Server Professional and RStudio Connect lease send resumes to Jon Meredith at jonm@arcgonline.com or call 954.715.4793 For a complete list of jobs please visit www.arcgonline.com
