Master’s degree or higher in sciences, social sciences, or other field that required quantitative research.

Advanced skill set in not only basic (significance, standard deviations, variance, etc.) but also complex multivariate statistics.

Fluency in a statistical package (Stata, SAS, SPSS, R, Python, etc.) such that you can comfortably talk through differences in code structure choices.

Communication and data presentation skills, experience analyzing data and communicating the results to business leaders

Join Amazon to build, leveraging deep domain knowledge as a data scientist business analyst to dive deep into complex, ambiguous challenges and search for causal drivers to impact how Amazon structures it's business. Leverage new data visualization tools to deliver actionable business insights. Join the BDAE Talent Development Team to help us make Amazon an even better place to work.

As a Data Scientist you will work on a team dedicated to improving the organizational health of Amazon by identifying and validating independent variables which leaders can leverage to improve their organizations. You will develop metrics capturing structural concepts which have not been surfaced to business leaders before. You will be presented with unique challenges and ambiguities that require creative problem solving to overcome at scale. The right solutions and insights will directly impact how employees grow, how leaders build their teams, and scale across Amazon.com

As a member of the Amazon BDAE Talent Development Team you will be part of an integrated, cross functional, diverse team of peers that work together to support a variety of programs. You will partner with the subject matter experts on the team to work through complex problems and build solutions as well as across Amazon HR in other businesses to create unified scalable solutions at an enterprise-wide level.

BDAE Talent Development works with the advertising, entertainment, and business development organizations within Amazon. These teams build interesting and exciting services for customers including Prime Video, Prime Music, and Amazon Studios, and work partnerships and deals between Amazon and other companies. These businesses are entrepreneurial, fast growing, global and delivering unique products and services to customers.

In this role you will:

Dive deep into the historical dataset to generate and test causal hypotheses.

Write high quality code to extract data sets from multiple sources, transforming or cleaning data as necessary.

Utilize complex multivariate statistics to validate hypotheses.

Engage with business and HR leaders and Business Intelligence Engineers to develop subject matter understanding to drive you research

Understand high-level business objectives and continually align work with those objectives to meet needs of business.

Apply data analysis and research skills to identify key indicators and develop predictive modeling for key employee lifecycle events.

Partner with central teams to represent the needs of the business units you support.

Learn and understand a broad range of Amazon’s data resources and know when, how, and which to use and which not to use and will recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis.

Relevant experience/specialization in one of the following:

Time series

Fixed effects

Multi-level modeling

Propensity score matching

Cohort analyses

Knowledge of AWS technologies, including large-scale data warehousing and analytics projects such as Redshift, S3, EC2, Data-pipeline and other big data technologies.

Experience working with a wide range of predictive and decision models and data mining techniques, as well as tools for developing such models (linear/logistic regression, decision trees, K-means, DBSCAN, Support Vector Machine, Naive Bayes etc.)

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
