Data is the foundation of our business in AI @ Unity. We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our centralized data science team that supports multiple products and teams at Unity. As a member of our team, you will be responsible for understanding and analyzing large volumes of data and developing models to solve business problems across Unity. Our team develops and implements machine learning models to production and intuitively makes decisions around what approaches to take in solving hard problems.

Among some of the problems we solve are player and developer profiling, improving Unity developer retention, personalizing developer experiences, pricing optimization, and overall improving use of the Unity engine!

If you have experience working in industry as a data scientist, building and implementing machine learning models, and are excited about impacting the gaming industry then we want to talk with you!

Responsibilities

Develop and implement machine learning models

Collaborate closely with product, business, and engineering teams to identify data science opportunities and solutions

Conducting in-depth statistical analyses, including A/B testing

Effectively communicate (both written and verbally) technical concepts across multiple teams

Think creatively and be able to test out new ideas and iterate rapidly

Requirements

Bachelor's in Data Science, Analytics, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Computer Science or equivalent experience

Experience with Python or Spark

Experience with machine learning libraries such as scikit-learn or mllib

Experience implementing machine learning models in a production environment

Deep understanding of statistical concepts and applying them to real-world problems

Bonus points

Master's degree or PhD in Data Science, Analytics, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Computer Science or another quantitative discipline

Experience with petabytes of data

Experience with deep learning frameworks such as tensorflow or keras

Who we are

Unity is the creator of the world's most widely-used real-time 3D (RT3D) development platform, providing content creators around the world with the tools they need to build rich, interactive 2D, 3D, VR and AR experiences. In fact, apps made with Unity reach 2.7 billion devices worldwide, and were installed more than 24 billion times in the last 12 months.

The global engineering team keeps Unity at the forefront of technology and — working alongside partners like Magic Leap, Google, Facebook, Oculus and Microsoft — ensures optimized support for the latest technology and platforms. Unity is powering the real-time revolution, expanding beyond games and breaking into other industries including automotive, film, architecture, engineering, construction and more.

Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.

Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.

#LI-JM1
