Big Data is transforming the consumer retail ecosystem, from online ordering through sales channels, in-store purchase, mobile transactions all the way to the social and in-app purchases. We leverage rich telematics and location datasets, generated by our platform, to power data products for all these stakeholders, focused on market trends, product penetration, predictive ordering, customer rewards and engagement.

As a Senior Data Scientist, you have the opportunity to leverage this unique dataset and state-of-art machine learning infrastructure to turn your insights into new data products that propel the growth of our business. You will collaborate with a strong team of engineers, product managers and fellow data scientists to evaluate potential approaches, build features, algorithms, and determine metrics which are critical for machine learning models. You will be working in a small but global data team and you will get to take on several responsibilities in the product journey, from the whiteboard all the way to efficient, production-quality code receiving live traffic.

Duties and Responsibilities:

Build and iterate on machine learning models to predict and quantify market data, component failure etc.

Conceptualize, design and build data products for B2C and B2B customers.

Ensure we are storing and filtering high-quality data.

Inform and influence product roadmap data products by identifying and prototyping new research and datasets.

Minimum Qualifications:

Master's in computer science, math, physics, engineering, statistics or other technical field or equivalent, relevant experience.

3+ years of experience developing machine learning models at scale from inception to business impact.

Deep understanding of modern machine learning techniques and their mathematical underpinning, such as classification, recommendation systems, optimization, deep learning and natural language processing.

Requirements and General Skills:

Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product.

Ability to define relevant metrics that can guide and influence stakeholders to the appropriate and accurate insights.

Strong desire to take initiative; thrive on change and comfortable with ambiguity.

High skill in data visualization (big plus).

Interest in retail, sales tracking, experience with geospatial programming, and predictive ordaring are a big plus.

Must have legal right to work in the U.S.

Technical Skills:

Strong data-oriented scripting (e.g. SQL) and statistical programming (e.g., R or python) skills.

Solid understanding of probability and statistics (e.g., hypothesis testing, regressions).

Strong data exploration and data mining skills (data visualization, feature reduction, and identification).

Experience working with very large semi-structured data sets using technologies like Spark and Hadoop is a plus.
