What you’ll be doing...

The Engineering Program Office Data Science Team has immediate opening for a talented and experienced Geospatial Data Scientist with hands on expertise in creation and automation of complex spatial and data algorithms using Python Automation and Web Front End visualization experience. You will also have a strong interest in understanding the Telecom business model in particular and a passion for data in general. You will be performing cross-disciplinary analysis and visualization of traditional and spatial data to help solve complex business problems. You will help to develop analysis automation scripts as well as build web front ends and visualization frameworks to model business driven problems.

Working in an interdisciplinary field, together with computer scientists, business spocs, and telecom network engineers.

Integrating multiple data sources, models, and software tools with business line specific decision support and data analysis. This will include the use of distributed computing and utilization of both cloud internal computing resources.

Developing new automation methods to analyze and evaluate business strategies across various business geographies, technologies, drivers and scales.

Modeling complex systems by integrating large varied datasets of economic, demographic and telecom related information

Creating and walking through executive presentations that explain the complex data and algorithms used in simple easy-to-understand visually striking layman terms that leave a residual impact on an executive audience.

Solving complex geospatial problems utilizing robust and repeatable solutions.

Keeping current on latest computing trends and analysis methodologies through tech journals and ongoing research.

Work will involve challenging existing constructs and business paradigms and creatively solving problems that result in a business transformation of a process or a program or a current approach

Actively working in cross disciplinary groups and making a case using rich data and presentation.

What we’re looking for...

You are curious about what people need and want. You enjoy digging through data for insight into opportunities for how we can help our business grow and transform.

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Experience using Python in automation of analytics tasks.

Experience using / development of Web Front Ends (JavaScript / html / nginx / php).

Experience in management of data in SQL and/or NoSQL databases (Postgres, Oracle, Teradata, Hadoop, Casandra, MongoDB).

Leadership experience in one or more areas of team, task or project lead responsibilities.

Experience in project management.

Experience in Telco, Cable or other network related field (Electric, Wastewater, Gas/Oil, Urban planning).

Even better if you have:

Masters of Science degree in Geo Information Systems.

Experience with parallel computing in distributed environments and familiarity with GIS and spatial databases (e.g., Postgres / PostGIS, Oracle/ESRI sde).

Demonstrated complete understanding and wide application of technical procedures, principles, theories and concepts in the Telecommunications field. General knowledge of other related disciplines.

Good interpersonal and communication skills. Ability to convey complex information to upper level executives.

Ability to adapt to quickly changing business environment and requests that come in related to upper level executive requests.

Programming experience in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, JavaScript).

Experience in analysis of large spatial and non-spatial datasets.

Experience with a multitude of databases in general (Oracle, Postgres).

Knowledge of R, SPSS, or SAS for statistical analysis.

Demonstrated use of AWS for analytics.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
