LexisNexis Special Services Inc is a leading provider of Pattern Analysis, delivering quantitatively-derived patterns of insurgent, terrorist, criminal, and other predatory behaviors impacting U.S. Forces and their allies, U.S. National Security, and Federal and Local Law Enforcement. Pattern analysis is a multi-disciplinary adaptation of law enforcement crime series analysis that is coupled with intelligence reporting for counter-terrorism and counter-threat problem sets. Pattern Analysts apply concepts of spatial, temporal and predatory behavioral analysis to identify repeated patterns of criminal and nefarious activity, develop precise predictions of future activity, and translate highly technical findings into actionable operations to counter the threats, increase force protection, and dismantle nefarious and terrorist networks. Pattern Analysts serve on a collaborative, multi-disciplinary team providing incisive, mathematically-defined, and empirically-measured decision support to operational units and executive leadership.

PATTERN ANALYSIS RESPONSIBILITIES

Perform advanced and innovative strategic, operational, tactical and administrative analysis relating to behavioral, spatial and temporal patterns of human decisions to predict specific predatory activity and to develop dynamic and complex analytical solutions to critical and hazardous problem sets faced by front-line operational personnel.

Employ a broad range of statistical, mathematic, geospatial, and behavioral techniques, tools and perspectives to derive precise and accurate predictive analysis, translating highly-technical findings into coherent and directly-actionable messages to a broad spectrum of stakeholders, including multidisciplinary operations/intelligence teams in defense, national security, and federal law enforcement. LNSSI provides advanced technical training on pattern analysis methodologies.

Operate, manipulate, and manage large-scale data science efforts supporting the development of comprehensive data holdings and tools for the purposes of behavioral modeling, pattern identification and predictive analysis. DATA SCIENCE

DATA SCIENCE RESPONSIBILITIES

Identify, develop, test and deploy best-in-class algorithms, API's, tools, and user interfaces and quickly troubleshoot and evaluate alternatives. Participate in knowledge sharing sessions and community of interest groups to stay abreast of best practices and industry standards related to machine learning, data science, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, and software development.

Contribute to team development and delivery of high-quality and innovative analytic tools and scalable machine learning-based solutions with immediate applicability and deployment in both testing and tactical-edge environments in support of immediate and changing requirements for real-world solutions.

Participate in and lead briefings and model reviews with key stakeholders, including translating complex methodologies and results for stakeholders with limited technical backgrounds.

Successful applicants will have documented experience working with multidisciplinary operations, analytic, or intelligence teams in law enforcement, the military, or the government.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

US CITIZEN

ACTIVE TOP SECRET clearance with SCI eligibility

BACHELORS DEGREE in a technical or quantitative field of study, including Computer Science, Data Engineering, Statistics, Operations Research, Mathematics, or similar. MASTERS DEGREE preferred.

EXPERIENCE: Top candidates will have a significant combination of formal training and minimum THREE YEARS of experience in multiple data science skills, concepts, languages and environments, which may include:

MACHINE LEARNING: MLLib, Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow/Keras

DATA SCIENCE ENVIRONMENTS: Cluster computing, GPU configuration, enterprise relational databases

TOOLS DEVELOPMENT/AUTOMATION: Jupyter, PostgreSQL, Apache Pig Latin, Java, JavaScript, Python, Ruby, Groovy, R, Perl

BIG DATA: Cloud data management, AWS, Hadoop, Spark, HPC

NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING: OpenNLP, StanfordNLP, Mallet, LDA, word2vec

ALGORITHM DEVELOPMENT: Statistics, geospatial, time series, human behavior, clustering

Location: Washington DC Metro Area / Northern Virginia

Travel: Up to 10%

Opportunities for temporary overseas assignments are possible.

Competitive Compensation and Benefits

At LexisNexis Risk Solutions, we believe in the power of data and advanced analytics for better risk management. With over 40 years of expertise, we are the trusted data analytics provider for organizations seeking actionable insights to manage risks and improve results while upholding the highest standards for security and privacy. Headquartered in metro Atlanta, LexisNexis Risk Solutions serves customers in more than 100 countries and is part of RELX Group plc, a world-leading provider of information and analytics for professional and business customers across industries. For more information, please visit www.lexisnexisrisk.com. LexisNexis Risk Solutions is an equal opportunity employer: qualified applicants are considered for and treated during employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, disability status, protected veteran status, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. If a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran needs a reasonable accommodation to use or access our online system, that individual should please contact 1.877.734.1938 or accommodations@relx.com.
