Grainger is a broad line, business-to-business distributor of maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) supplies and other related products and services. More than 3.2 million businesses and institutions worldwide rely on Grainger for products such as safety gloves, ladders, motors and janitorial supplies, along with services like inventory management and technical support. These customers represent a broad collection of industries including commercial, government, healthcare and manufacturing. They place orders online, on mobile devices, through sales representatives, over the phone and at local branches. Approximately 5,000 suppliers provide Grainger with more than 1.6 million products stocked in Grainger’s distribution centers and branches worldwide.

Primary Function

Sr. Data Scientists play a meaningful role in supporting Grainger’s strategy by using your machine learning and statistical expertise to support initiatives that add business value and drive bottom-line growth. You will deliver high-quality data driven insights that tell the story and drive critical decision making. As a member of the Finance organization, Sr. Data Scientists are expected to bring a unique and diverse perspective to the table and contribute to a culture of respect and inclusion.

Sr. Data Scientists challenge the status quo, enjoy complex challenges, utilize a “Big Thinking” approach, and relentlessly seek creative solutions to help Grainger’s customers keep their operations running and their people safe.

Principal Duties & Responsibilities

Exploring and visualizing data to understand the most relevant features that impact Grainger’s business

Conducting analysis of text data to understand the relationship between Grainger’s internal data, industries, and job functions

Researching and building machine learning applications (structured and unstructured data, regression, classification, dimensionality reduction, clustering)

Designing, implementing, and validating your solutions using R and SQL;

Providing data-driven recommendations and insights for cross-functional projects to senior leadership

Identifying profitable business opportunities and optimizing spend across multiple channels

Preferred Education & Experience

Masters’ or graduate degree in a quantitative field required (statistics, economics, mathematics, computer sciences, etc.) or equivalent work experience; PhD preferred

7 - 10 years of experience in related field preferred

Hands-on software engineering and data science experience beyond coursework

Ability to develop algorithms and predictive models to derive insights and business value from data

Demonstrable proficiency in coding (R, Spark, Python, Java, Scala) and programming concepts

Ability to build, test, and validate machine learning applications in Python, R, or other programming language (R preferred)

Ability to explore data sets and identify data transformation and data quality needs for targeted applications

Deep knowledge of database design and logic (SQL)

Curiosity, enthusiasm, positive attitude and passion to build. Willingness to learn and research new concepts.

An iterative approach to developing data science solutions (build, test, improve)

Biased toward action, great collaborator and master simplifier, constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery

Strong product mindset: you ask and tackle the most important analytical questions with the goal of driving product impact

Experience with Natural Language Processing preferred

Experience with Recommender Systems preferred

In-depth knowledge of search engine design and optimization preferred

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Outstanding analytical skills

Outstanding and proven project management skills; ability to manage multiple projects in a high-pressure, tight-deadline environment

Working Relationships

Who does this job partner with externally?

The role may sometimes require interacting with vendors who provide data to us.

Who does this job partner with internally?

This job will partner with many internal teams including finance, accounting, audit, sales, and enterprise solutions.

Grainger is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, or protected veteran status.
