DATA SCIENTIST

Elder Research Inc. is a Data Science consulting firm specialized in providing analytic

training, strategy, and solutions to clients in Commercial and Government industries. We

are seeking to hire a Data Scientist who will consult and communicate with

our clients to understand their business needs and will work within a collaborative

framework to deliver the valuable outcome that meets those needs. We work in a fast-

paced environment, solving new and challenging problems—both technical and business-

oriented—on a daily basis. We are trusted advisors to our clients, acting as trainers and

mentors to internal Data Science teams and building lasting relationships by partnering with

them as preferred analytics providers. We use a variety of programming languages and

tools to create analytic solutions, often fitting within our clients’ environment and needs. We

also have a successful practice of funding the development of valuable software products

through the pursuit of Small Business Innovation Research and Small-Business

Technology Transfer (SBIR/STTR) grants.

As a member of Elder Research, you will join a functional team of accomplished Data

Scientists, Data Engineers, and Software Engineers that deliver custom analytic training,

strategy, and technical solutions. Some of your responsibilities may include: consulting with

clients to understand their data context and strategic goals, creating and delivering training

curriculum on Data Science best practices and methodologies, exploring data to determine

the feasibility and viability of modeling, developing models using Machine Learning and

other algorithmic methods, reviewing SBIR/STTR topics and preparing programs to pursue

those solicitations.

We are looking to hire a Data Scientist who can support our clients through communicating

the opportunities and risks in using their data, and who is driven by curiosity to explore data

to find insights. Candidates should have the ability and the willingness to receive feedback

on the clients’ business goals and adjust their work using an iterative methodology.

Desired Skills and Expertise

Applicants are expected to have a combination of some (though not all) of the following

skills and expertise:

? Presented data science work to a non-technical audience via writing or presentation.

? Given a lecture or presentation, written a paper or article, or provided educational

support on data science topics.

? Collaborated with others to accomplish a data science task or project.

? Consulted with businesses or organizations to understand requirements, designed a

solution to those needs, and developed the solution.

? Applied for and successfully secured funding from government grant or contracting

vehicles.

? Performed exploratory data analysis and produced associated data visualizations.

? Created a predictive model using open source programming languages (e.g., Python,

R).

? Worked with data in a structured database system (e.g., SQL).

? Managed projects involving technical staff from diverse backgrounds and with diverse

skills and capabilities.

Desired Education and Experience

? Data Scientist:

o Bachelor's (Master's preferred) in a technical field and 2-5 years’ of practical work experience in Data

Science, predictive analytics, or Machine Learning OR

Minimum Requirements

? Bachelor’s degree in a technical or quantitative discipline, or equivalent experience in a

technical role.

? Experience in Data Science, predictive analytics, or Machine Learning.

? Experience with at least one of the following: R, Python, or SQL.

? Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

What You Would Do

? Work on small teams in a highly collaborative environment.

? Contribute to a wide array of consulting projects to solve interesting technical and

business problems for multiple clients in various industries.

? Develop and deliver training curricula and materials on Data Science and Machine

Learning best practices.

? Communicate the details of technical results and methods to fellow team members and

clients in both technical and non-technical terms.

? Collaborate with Data Analysts and Engineers to design and/or implement the technical

architecture necessary to support analytics.

? Manage analytic project teams, ensuring timely development and delivery of required

work items.

? Review SBIR/STTR solicitations, foster partnerships, scope programs, and write

proposals to secure funding in support of ML/AI technology development.

? Create, validate, and implement predictive models in customer environments.

? Build trusted and lasting relationships with clients across the country and globe.

? Contribute to internal knowledge and capabilities through creating and developing

proprietary service accelerators and training materials.

? Travel up to 25% of the time.

About Elder Research, Inc

Headquartered in Charlottesville, VA with offices in Arlington, VA, Baltimore, MD, Raleigh,

NC, and London, UK, Elder Research is a fast-growing solutions and consulting firm

specializing in predictive analytics. At Elder Research, you’ll be part of a fun, friendly

community. In keeping with our entrepreneurial spirit, we want candidates that are self-

motivated with an innate curiosity and strong team work ethic. We work hard to provide the

best value to our clients and allow each person to contribute their ideas and put their skills

to use immediately.

Elder Research believes in continuous learning; each week the entire company attends a

“Tech Talk” followed by an office lunch. Individuals often share what they have learned at

informal bag lunch talks or afternoon chats. As consultants, occasional travel may be

required; however, we do not typically work on client sites. Certain projects do have

frequent onsite work at local offices. Elder Research provides a supportive work

environment with established parental, bereavement, and PTO policies. By prioritizing a

healthy work-life balance - with reasonable hours, solid pay, low travel, and extremely

flexible time off - Elder Research enables and encourages its employees to serve others.

Elder Research provides analytic solutions to hundreds of companies across numerous

industries. Our team enjoys great variety in the type of work they do and exposure to a

wide range of techniques and tools. If you are passionate about training and mentoring

others as well as integrating data, technology, and analytics in a team-based environment

to solve problems, then Elder Research may be a good fit for you.

An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. EEO IS THE LAW.

Elder Research will not sponsor H1 visas for this position.
