Since 2002, Quantium have combined the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organizations and society. Whether it be building forecasting engines that are driving down food wastage or creating tools to support campaigns that combat human trafficking, Quantium believes in better goods, services, experiences, and championing the benefits of data science and AI for a brighter future.

The opportunity

By leveraging Quantium’s world-class capability built over 17 years in Australia, our Quantium U.S. team is growing rapidly – and with growth comes opportunity. Our data scientists solve a range of business problems by building applied analytics, data science and AI solutions including embedded innovative decision engines into the everyday business processes of our retail and banking clients including but not limited to, marketing optimization, credit risk, forecasting and customer behavior analysis. This is only the beginning of our expansion into the U.S. markets and our team is quickly growing to meet the needs of our valued clients.

Our Data Scientists work collaboratively with the rest of the team to provide data science solutions for innovative projects, product development, and support in new markets expansion. You will bring your strong technical skills and commercial thinking to go beyond mere data-led insights, to actionable commercial solutions to reshape our client’s businesses.

Our data scientists and consultants are committed to making a positive impact on our clients each day, as such, you will be travelling for up to 80% of your time to work onsite at client offices with our current opportunity requiring you to do weekly travel to Bentonville, Arkansas for a minimum of 1 year.

Key responsibilities

Working in a team of data scientists and consultants to develop end-to-end data science solutions for client projects. This may include data checks and manipulation through to modeling and other advanced analytics (typically done in Spark / Scala or Teradata for data preparation and Spark / Scala or R for advanced analytics)

Client interaction and project delivery

Support or own project management, develop clear presentation of insights and assist with presentation of results as appropriate

Ongoing stakeholder interaction on project progress

Feedback and documentation process to ensure continuous improvement with team

Handover, including documentation, of work to longer term owners (in some cases)

Support business development activities as appropriate

Actively participating in learning forums and sharing knowledge with the wider team

About you

2+ years of hands-on experience in a highly technical analytics environment, carrying out data analytics with large, complex datasets; retail industry experience strongly preferred

A degree in a quantitative discipline e.g. actuarial studies, mathematics / statistics, engineering, computer science etc

Experience in designing technical solutions is desirable

Experience in Spark / Scala, R, modeling and unsupervised learning is desirable, with the ability to pick up new languages and techniques

Stakeholder and project management experience is desirable

Experience with using one of the following in a commercial environment is desirable: GBM/XG Boost, GLM (logistic regression), Clustering, Neural nets/deep Learning /deep nets, Multivariate regression

Ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience

What else can I look forward to?

Join our team of intelligent and fun people in an environment where colleagues quickly become friends. You might find our team working hard trying to solve tough, technical problems for our clients or winding down with a drink in hand in our coworking home offices (currently based in Bentonville, San Francisco and Chicago). We believe there is more to a successful career than just hard work and recognize the need to balance personal commitments with work. We also provide:

Medical, dental, vision and life insurance coverage

Flexible spending account

Commuter tax benefit (in Chicago)

Retirement 401(k) plan with 6% employer contribution

Company overnight trip to celebrate Quantium’s birthday

Quantium are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We are a multicultural team of various beliefs, sexual orientations and gender identities. We celebrate our diversity of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status and disability status.
