Requisition ID:224120

Work Area: Software-Design and Development

Expected Travel: 0 - 10%

Career Status: Professional

Employment Type: Regular Full Time

Career Level: T3

Hiring Manager: Peter Colligan

Recruiter Name: Krista Bauer

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.

SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.

Data Scientist, Eureka – a SAP S/4 HANA unit

Hiring at all Levels

EXPECTATIONS AND TASKS

Eureka is a new unit within SAP S/4 HANA with the purpose to build, learn, and take new SaaS applications to market that delight our customers and fill needs in our current S/4HANA product offerings. Our team plays a key role in the broader S/4HANA Cloud strategy with a focus on building cloud-native services leveraging our SAP technologies like SAP Cloud Platform, SAP HANA, and connecting technology and learnings back to the S/4HANA broader portfolio.

We combine engineering and agile operations excellence with thought leadership, entrepreneurial spirit, and radical customer-centricity to turn big ideas into reality. You'll work alongside creative thinkers who share your interests, in an environment that encourages free and open expression of ideas. With innovative job training, mentors to help you grow, and the flexibility to balance your work and personal life, you'll be able to get more out of your career. In our fast-paced environment, we look for talents who are ambitious, display leadership qualities and are always enthusiastic about taking on new challenges. You will be able to grow your skillset in both breadth and depth as we continue to push technology & product experience forward.

SAP is consistently recognized as one of the world's top employers. Now it's your turn to take the next step and help create the future.

Overall duties include, but are not limited to:

Professional understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms.

Support the implementation of our data focused products and processes by developing data science approaches and models (statistical, machine learning, deep learning) from various data resources.

Driving hypothesis driven results as part of an agile development team.

Optimize models and make them available for consumption by SaaS products.

Develop data collections, labeling pipelines and evaluation frameworks and KPIs.

Quick data exploration and data-driven story-telling, i.e. being able communicate your findings well (via Jupyter or data interpretation and visualization tools).

Look to leverage our SAP internal Data Science tools like SAP Data Intelligence and SAP HANA.

Propose technology options in-line with SAP’s overall technology direction.

Hire and onboard top talent and contribute to a healthy and flourishing engineering culture.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Advanced degree in Computer Science, Applied Math or Statistics, or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.

Experience in designing and building commercial ML systems.

Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, etc.

2 years of experience working in cloud-based machine learning environments.

Experience in working with a cross-functional team.

Can prioritize and manage workload and meet critical project deadlines.

Excellent verbal, communication and board/executive level presentation skills in English.

Able to demonstrate previous projects or open source contributions via github.

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE

Experience in deep learning techniques for natural language processing a plus.

Experience with automation of document classification a plus.

Experience with SAP Leonardo Machine Learning platform a plus.

Experience with cloud-native architectures a plus.

Related work experience with forecasting, recommendation, and clustering a plus.

Experience with modern high-volume data pipeline + data transformation architectures

Good understanding of cloud-native technologies, serverless, CaaS, FaaS, etc.

Familiar with SAP technologies like SAP Cloud Platform and HANA.

Experience building machine learning training and inference pipelines in the cloud using on or more major programming language (Python, Java), ML libraries (XGBoost, etc.) and one Deep Learning Framework (PyTorch, Tensor Flow, MXNet, etc.).

WHAT YOU GET FROM US

Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own. A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now.

SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT

To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.

SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com).

Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.

Additional Locations:
