Bachelors in Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, Operations Management, Management Information Systems, or a related field.

Strong problem-solving skills and ability to prioritize conflicting requirements.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to succinctly summarize key findings.

Comfortable working as both part of a high-performing, diverse team and as an independent performer.

Experience programming in analytical workbooks (Python, Java, Scala, R, bash).

Experience in data mining using databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets.

Good working knowledge of applied statistics, machine learning, and experimental design.

Good knowledge of SQL and working with relational databases.

Willingness to travel 15% of the year.

Are you inspired by invention? Is problem solving through teamwork in your DNA? Do you like the idea of seeing how your work impacts the bigger picture? Answer yes to any of these and you’ll fit right in here at Amazon Robotics. We are a smart team of doers that work passionately to apply cutting edge advances in robotics and software to solve real-world challenges that will transform our customers’ experiences in ways we can’t even image yet. We invent new improvements every day. We are Amazon Robotics and we will give you the tools and support you need to invent with us in ways that are rewarding, fulfilling, and fun.

Position Overview

The Amazon Robotics Data Science (AR-DS) team discovers insights in vast and varied robotic data to help our engineering teams understand how their technologies operate across Amazon’s network of warehouses. We collaborate with designers, software and hardware engineers, and operations teams to understand product requirements, make feature trade-offs, design, and operate new applications of Amazon Robotics technology. We conduct relevant, insightful analysis and communicate the results through white papers and presentations. Our methods include design of experiments, statistical modeling, machine learning, financial analysis, and data visualization.

A successful candidate should have a background in business analytics, data science, data visualization, and data engineering. We are looking for jack-of-all-trades that are able to select and use the right tools to bring clarity to complex questions and help drive decisions. While we don’t assume mastery in all areas, successful team members can speak and work competently in multiple domains.

Masters in Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, Operations Management, Management Information Systems, or a related field.

Familiarity with machine and process reliability, integration of human and automated processes, distribution or fulfillment center operations, software/firmware development, or database administration.

Knowledge of data visualization software (QuickSight, Tableau).

Experience using cloud storage and computing technologies such as Spark, Hive, Hadoop, and AWS.

Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
