Work with the LEAF engineering team as a senior member developing and applying advanced and analytics and evolutionary algorithm methodologies This include getting the solution into production Consistently deliver highquality software and seek and develop innovative methods and processes and keep up to date on latest trends tools and advancements in the area of Evolutionary AI Design and develop custom components and abstraction layers needed to make the LEAF platform cost efficient and developer friendly Apply software development best practices and CICD in everything you develop Work with the LEAF engineering team as a senior member developing and applying advanced and analytics and evolutionary algorithm methodologies This include getting the solution into production Consistently deliver highquality software and seek and develop innovative methods and processes and keep up to date on latest trends tools and advancements in the area of Evolutionary AI

Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level * Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Analytics and OBI PL1 Required

Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill.

Employee Status : Full Time Employee

Shift : Day Job

Travel : No

Job Posting : Jul 23 2019

About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 193 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence instilled in them through participation in military service.
