The Position

POSITION SUMMARY

As a Associate DATA SCIENTIST within our Personalized HealthCare function you will work with meaningful data to generate impactful evidence and insights on our molecules/ medicines and patients, that support R&D, advance scientific and medical knowledge, and enable personalized patient care and access.

You will collaborate with peers within the function and across the organization to develop evidence generation strategies, identify evidence gaps and data sources, design and execute studies, and implement analyses to address molecule and disease area questions. The data will be varied in type -- patient-level clinical data, supplemented with deep patient data such as omics (e.g. genomics, proteomic), imaging, digital health, etc. Source data will be diverse -- real-world data, including patient registries, electronic medical records, claims, biobanks, and clinical trials. The evidence and insights will be used to inform the research and development of our molecules, and support healthcare decisions by patients, physicians, health authorities, payers, and policy-makers. You will also contribute to functional, cross-functional, enterprise-wide or external initiatives that shape our business and healthcare environments. This will require a good understanding of molecule and disease area strategies, healthcare environments, as well as strong scientific and technical data science expertise. You will need strong strategic, collaboration and communication skills, as well as an entrepreneurial mindset, to transform the way we use data and analytics to develop and deliver medicines for our patients.

Associate Data Scientist

As Associate Data Scientist you will typically be responsible for specific studies/ analyses, with support and oversight by more senior data scientists.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Data Scientist

IDENTIFY EVIDENCE NEEDS & RECOMMEND DATA SOLUTIONS: Ask the right scientific questions, understand the evidence needs for research and development, regulatory and market access, and ideate and make recommendations on fit-for-purpose data and analytics solutions.

DEVELOP DATA STRATEGY & GAIN ACCESS TO DATA: Develop strategic plans to access fit-for-purpose data sources to support evidence generation, and gain access to data through collaboration or data generation.

DIVE INTO DATA : Develop a comprehensive and deep understanding of the data we work with and foster learning with colleagues using analytical tools and applications to broaden data accessibility and advance our proficiency/efficiency in understanding and using the data appropriately.

BE AN EXPERT IN APPLYING METHODS : Stay current with and adopt emergent analytical methodologies, tools and applications to ensure fit-for-purpose and impactful approaches.

PRODUCE HIGH QUALITY ANALYSES : Apply rigor in study design and analytical methods; plan for data processing; design a fit-for-purpose analysis plan, assess effective ways of presenting and delivering the results to maximize impact and interpretability; implement and/or oversee the study, including its reporting; ensure compliance with applicable pharma industry regulations and standards.

INTERPRET AND SHARE RESULTS : Communicate findings to internal stakeholders, regulatory, health technology assessment (HTA) bodies and scientific communities; publish results; participate in external meetings and forums to present your insights (e.g. congress/conference).

COLLABORATE & SHAPE : Collaborate and contribute to functional, cross-functional, enterprise-wide or external data science communities, networks, collaboratives, initiatives or goals on knowledge-sharing, methodologies, innovations, technology, IT infrastructure, policy-shaping, processes, etc. to enable broader and more effective use of data and analytics to support business.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Data Scientist

MSc, PhD or similar qualification in a quantitative data science discipline (e.g., statistics/ biostatistics, epidemiology, bioinformatics, health economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, outcomes research, public health, biology, medicine, psychology)

Demonstrated track record of developing and execution of data science research projects, patient-level data analyses (e.g., real world data, surveys, clinical trials, registries, claims, genomic or imaging data) with publications and presentations

Demonstrated experience with managing project scope and driving delivery in an evolving environment requiring proactivity and effective problem-solving and prioritization when faced with challenges

Demonstrated strong collaboration skills and excellent communication skills

Demonstrated entrepreneurial mindset and self-direction, ability to teach others and willingness to learn new techniques

Proficiency in English, both written and verbal

PREFERRED/ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

RWD (I2ONS & ONC)

PhD degree in a quantitative or health sciences discipline as listed in Minimum Qualifications

Proven ability to translate and communicate complex study design and findings to diverse audiences

Who We Are

A member of the Roche Group, Genentech has been at the forefront of the biotechnology industry

for more than 40 years, using human genetic information to develop novel medicines for serious and

life-threatening diseases. Genentech has multiple therapies on the market for cancer & other serious

illnesses. Please take this opportunity to learn about Genentech where we believe that our employees

are our most important asset & are dedicated to remaining a great place to work.

The next step is yours. To apply today, click on the "Apply online" button.

Genentech is an equal opportunity employer & prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, disability, marital & veteran status. For more information about equal employment opportunity, visit our .
