Position Title: Data Scientist&nbsp; 
 Location: Columbia, MD  
 &nbsp;  
 Responsibilities:   
Data Architecture: Identify, characterize, and catalog Sponsor data assets across multiple networks, systems, and databases and coordinate with data engineering and data science functions to leverage Sponsor datasets for analytics projects. 
Data Engineering: Responsible for the data stream to data storage solutions. Focus on design, implementation, and operation of data management systems. Designs how data is stored, consumed, integrated, and managed by different data entities and digital systems. Plan, design, and optimize for data throughput and query performance issues. 
Data Science: Analyze both structured and unstructured data using data analytics, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques. Train and optimize machine learning models and coordinate with data engineering components to deploy trained models to work on production data at scale. Scale up prototype models and workflows to distributed clusters. 
Data Visualization: Create visualizations, dashboards, and user interfaces to view and interact with structured and unstructured data. 
Documentation: Responsible for documentation and maintenance of code and workflows developed in the course of this project, including regular use of version control systems/code repositories, task management tools, and open source-style contribution models and issue tracking.  
 &nbsp;  
 Required Skills:-   
Demonstrate database technologies, including Elasticsearch and SQL databases 
Experience with writing HQLs 
Experience in building Data Catalogs 
Experience with Health Care business domain 
Demonstrate task tracking and version control technology, such as GitHub and JIRA 
Demonstrated experience developing in a cloud environment, such as Amazon Web Services  
&nbsp; 
  Company Profile   
Founded in 2004, Sparksoft is a Small Business (WOSB), Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), CMMI Level 3, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013, HUBZone, 8(a), Women-Owned, and Minority-owned business (SWaM), MBE/DBE/SBE holding prime contracts with SPARC, GSA and Navy Seaport-e.Lead by a team with over 20 years of industry experience, we have a proven track record in software development and managing multi-year projects. We work in both federal and commercial spaces, providing innovative solutions in Agile Software Testing, Software Engineering, Program Management, Security &amp; Privacy Solutions, Delivery Management and Health IT. We have dedicated Centers of Excellence in software testing, independent verification and validation, and security and privacy, that are designed to fulfil the IT needs of any commercial or government field. 
&nbsp; 
Sparksoft is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any applicant for employment or employee because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited under Federal, State, or local laws.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Columbia, MD 21044 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago
