Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Data Science & Analytics practice group at Capgemini is expanding its footprint…rapidly. As part of the fastest growing digital practice within Capgemini, we work with the latest advanced analytics, machine learning, and big data technologies to extract meaning and value from data in a number of different industries ranging from Media & Entertainment to Life Sciences and everywhere in-between. Our team has worked with geospatial data, on social media sentiment analysis, built recommendation systems, created image classification algorithms, solved large-scale optimization problems, and harnessed the massive influx of data generated by the IoT.

The Data Science & Analytics group is the fastest growing digital practice at Capgemini demanding agile innovation. As part of the Data Science & Analytics group, you will work in a collaborative environment with internal and client resources to understand key business goals, build solutions, and present findings to client executives while solving real-world problems. If you are passionate about solving problems in the realm of cognitive computing, big data, and machine learning while utilizing business acumen, statistical understanding, and technical know-how, the Data Science & Analytics practice group at Capgemini is the best place to grow your career.

Role & Responsibilities:

 Work in collaborative environment with global teams to drive client engagements in a broad range of industries: Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Banking, Consumer Products & Retail, Financial Services, Healthcare, High Tech, Industrial Products, Insurance, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Public Sector, Telecom, Media & Entertainment, and Energy & Utilities.

 Quickly understand client needs, develop solutions, and articulate findings to client executives.

 Provide data-driven recommendations to clients by clearly articulating complex technical concepts through generation and delivery of presentations.

 Analyze and model both structured and unstructured data from a number of distributed client and publicly available sources.

 Perform EDA and feature engineering to both inform the development of statistical models and generate improve model performance and flexibility.

 Design and build scalable machine learning models to meet the needs of given client engagement.

 Assist with the mentorship and development of consultants.

 Assist in growing data science practice by meeting business goals through client prospecting, responding to proposals, identifying and closing opportunities within identified client accounts.

Requirements:

 3-5 years professional work experience as a data scientist or on advanced analytics / statistics projects.

 Master’s degree from top tier college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, Mathematics, or other closely related field.

 PhD preferred.

 Strong understanding and application of statistical methods and skills: distributions, experimental design, variance analysis, A/B testing, and regression.

 Statistical emphasis on data mining techniques, Bayesian Networks Inference, CHAID, CART, association rule, linear and non-linear regression, hierarchical mixed models/multi-level modeling, and ability to answer questions about underlying algorithms and processes.

 Experience with both Bayesian and frequentist methodologies.

 Mastery of statistical software, scripting languages, and packages (e.g. R, Matlab, SAS, Python, Pearl, Scikit-learn, Caffe, SAP Predictive Analytics, KXEN, ect.).

 Knowledge of or experience working with database systems (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Postgres, ect.)

 Experience working with big data distributed programming languages, and ecosystems (e.g. S3, EC2, Hadoop/MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Spark, SAP HANA ect.)

 Expertise in machine learning algorithms and experience using the following ML techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF).

 Preferred experience with NLP, Graph Theory, Neural Networks (RNNs/CNNs), sentiment analysis and Azure ML.

 Experience building scalable data pipelines and with data engineering/ feature engineering.

 Preferred experience with web-scrapping.

 Experience building and deploying predictive models.

 Experience with PowerPoint and ability to clearly articulate findings and present solutions.

 Excellent team-oriented and interpersonal skills.

Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment.

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini.

Qualifications

Responsible for programming and software development using various programming languages and related tools and frameworks, reviewing code written by other programmers, requirement gathering, bug fixing, testing, documenting and implementing software systems. Experienced programmers are also responsible for interpreting architecture and design, code reviews, mentoring, guiding and monitoring programmers, ensuring adherence to programming and documentation policies, software development, testing and release.

Required Skills and Experience:

Write software programs using specific programming languages/platforms such as Java or MS .NET, and related tools, platform and environment. Write, update, and maintain computer programs or software packages to handle specific jobs, such as tracking inventory, storing or retrieving data, or controlling other equipment. Consult with managerial, engineering, and technical personnel to clarify program intent, identify problems, and suggest changes. Perform or direct revision, repair, or expansion of existing programs to increase operating efficiency or adapt to new requirements. Write, analyze, review, and rewrite programs, using workflow chart and diagram, and applying knowledge of computer capabilities, subject matter, and symbolic logic. Write or contribute to instructions or manuals to guide end users. Correct errors by making appropriate changes and then rechecking the program to ensure that the desired results are produced. Conduct trial runs of programs and software applications to be sure they will produce the desired information and that the instructions are correct. Compile and write documentation of program development and subsequent revisions, inserting comments in the coded instructions so others can understand the program. Investigate whether networks, workstations, the central processing unit of the system, and/or peripheral equipment are responding to a program's instructions. Prepare detailed workflow charts and diagrams that describe input, output, and logical operation, and convert them into a series of instructions coded in a computer language. Perform systems analysis and programming tasks to maintain and control the use of computer systems software as a systems programmer. Consult with and assist computer operators or system analysts to define and resolve problems in running computer programs. Perform unit testing Assist in system and user testing Fix errors and bugs that are identified in the course of testing.

Qualifications: 3 – 7 years (2 years min relevant experience in the role) experience; Bachelor’s degree

Should be proficient in Software Engineering Techniques, Software Engineering Architecture, Software Engineering Lifecycle and Data Management.

Should have progressing skills on Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Software Engineering Leadership, Architecture Knowledge and Technical Solution Design.

Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.

Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law

About Capgemini

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate).

Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.

 A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the...
