Who we are

Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name

DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith

DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH

NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell

Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

PayPal's Risk Department is responsible for partnering with global business units to manage a variety of risk types including identity fraud, account take over and credit issues. This is an exciting department where the contributions by the team members can really help PayPal's bottom line and create experiences that our customers love.

This opportunity is within the Consumer Risk Service team. Consumer Risk Service team develops insights and strategies about PayPal users and translate them into code and processes designed for large scale risk assessment/decision for various PayPal products.

Job Description:

Responsibilities include:

Design, develop and manage real-time end-to-end buyer risk decisioning strategies while balancing customer experience, risks and rewards

Apply statistical techniques and strategy solutions to predict and manage buyer risk associated with PayPal products and accounts

Prepare, extract and analyze data covering a wide range of information from user profile to transaction history from large databases

For each decisioning strategy project, design its best structure and select the most appropriate techniques which may include a combination of several techniques

Conduct on-going strategy performance analytics and communicate strategy design and result to senior management

Work with product managers and engineering team in deploying risk decisioning strategies, designing new product capabilities, enhancing systems

Trouble-shooting any data, system and flow challenge while maintaining flawless strategy execution

Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

Masters Degree or Equivalent: Statistics

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
