About AutoGrid Systems

At AutoGrid, you will join a team helping to accelerate the world's transition to a clean, affordable and reliable energy system. We're a growing and award-winning clean-technology company driving the fundamental transformation of the electrical grid into a distributed, decarbonized and digitized network of connected assets. You will collaborate with a team of world-class software, data and energy experts working at the forefront of advanced data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning and high-performance computing. Our solutions give you an opportunity to make a real-world impact. If you are passionate about using technology to improve society and love a fun, fast-paced work culture with opportunities for continuous learning and advancement, you will love AutoGrid.

Position Overview

As a member of the data science team you will develop AutoGrid's predictive controls platform. This high-performance forecasting, optimization and real-time control engine is the core component responsible for intelligently and continuously managing complex energy networks.

Responsibilities

Develop and maintain forecasting and optimization algorithms for AutoGrid's machine learning and predictive control systems

Implement and deploy your algorithms on big-data platforms, in production

Benchmark and debug critical issues with the algorithms and software as they arise

Prototype new methods and analyses on customer data sets

Work closely with product management, engineering and QA teams to manage the full product lifecycle including requirements, architecture, algorithmics and QA

About you

MS. or Ph.D. in computer science, operations research, statistics or related field

Exposure to very large forecasting and optimization problems and techniques, including large-scale time series forecasting and stochastic linear programming

Good understanding of algorithms, data structures and performance optimization techniques

Excellent programming skills in Python, Java or C++

Nice to have

Experience building production python applications. Specifically, knowledge of the Celery and Django frameworks is a plus

Hands-on experience with the energy industry

Understanding of and experience with Big Data / NoSQL frameworks, Spark, HBase, Hadoop / MapReduce, HDFS, etc.

Knowledge of relational databases (SQL)
