Who we are: At Hypergiant, our work is driven by individuals pushing the boundary and always professionally challenging our clients to think differently. We’re seeking individuals who are both analytical and creative and can help us fuel our motto: Tomorrowing Today. We’re based in Texas and have a strong track record of working with some of the biggest brands around the world in industries spanning retail, oil & gas, energy, aviation, healthcare, and more. We provide large enterprises with cutting-edge advice, bespoke technology solutions, and deployment expertise needed to harness the value out of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Our goal is to work with forward-thinking organizations and to help them understand how Artificial Intelligence will affect their business and their industry.

Hypergiant is putting together a world-class team of Machine Learning and AI practitioners and is seeking stellar Data Scientists to join our movement. At Hypergiant, you will enjoy a unique opportunity to use your creativity both to pursue fundamental research and to apply cutting-edge techniques within applied projects. You will work to evaluate, improve, and develop products for Hypergiant and our clients. You will be responsible for collecting, analyzing, and interpreting vast amounts of client data to identify ways to help their business improve operationally and gain a competitive edge over their rivals. As a Senior Data Scientist, you'll guide research, architect innovative new workflows, and tackle the most challenging problems and most complex data sets.

Responsibilities:

Design, build and optimize data-driven models using machine learning and analytical techniques.

Design, implement, and manage data science workflows, including processes and standards for collecting, cleaning and regularizing data.

Evaluate and recommend 3rd party data science tools and services.

Conceive and create insightful visualizations of data and models.

Advise on best practices and identify and recommend promising new techniques in machine learning and data analytics.

Direct and mentor other data scientists.

Collaborate with engineers to deploy models into production.

Document and present model plans and results, workflows, best practices, and recommendations.

Qualifications:

Advanced university degree (Master or PhD) in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Engineering, or relevant field.

Experience leading a research team.

Principal on one or more of the following:

a cited scientific or technical paper

a complex project for a large enterprise or institution

a newsworthy experiment or project involving a cutting-edge use of technology to solve a real-world problem

Hypergiant, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace. We offer a generous benefits package, including company contribution to medical benefits. We offer unlimited PTO. In addition, we offer a fun, flexible work environment, company-sponsored activities, and commit to providing each employee with job satisfaction by addressing core needs. Learn more at hypergiant.com.
