University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn’s distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Data Scientist

Job Profile Title

Data Analyst C

Job Description Summary

The World Well-Being Project (WWBP) is seeking a Data Scientist to join our interdisciplinary team. This person will write software to collect phone sensor and social media data and will apply machine learning and natural language processing techniques to such data sets to answer questions related to subjective well-being and health outcomes. The work involves both app development and machine learning/natural language processing on the data collected. This position will work under the direction of the project leaders.

Job Description

Responsibilities:

Work closely with psychologists on the team to identify and answer important well-being and health-related questions with appropriate statistical techniques on available data.

Lead data acquisition, data mining, and analysis techniques to social media websites (e.g. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram) and cell phone sensor data.

Design and execute of research and development projects utilizing advanced computational techniques to generate novel insights.

Communicate findings to a broad audience (e.g., clinicians, computer scientists, and the general public).

Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources.

Oversee programmer, student, and hourly worker projects, including helping with algorithms, assuring coding quality, assigning the next steps in their projects, and overall programming mentorship.

Perform additional duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

BS with at least 2 or 3 years of relevant experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience, is required. Master’s degree in Computer Science or similar technical field is strongly preferred.

Fluency with statistical and machine learning techniques such as random forests and neural networks.

Experience manipulating and analyzing complex, large volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources required.

Fluency in coding in C++, Java, or Python is required.

Fluency in NoSql design, deployment and analyze on many TB’s of data is preferred.

A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data is preferred.

A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision is required.

An ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner is required.

Familiarity with relational databases and SQL is preferred.

A resume and cover letter are required.

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

School of Arts and Sciences

Pay Range

$50,684.00 - $138,391.00

Affirmative Action Statement

Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements

Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.
