Description

Cummins is a place big enough to coach and develop a global workforce and create the world’s leading clean, engine technology. We’re also small enough for you to find your fit and personal passion with a team of dependable, innovative thinkers who are developing their careers within a diverse, inclusive, empowering environment.

The Cummins Advanced Analytics organization uses the latest methods and technologies in statistics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to take on major challenges and opportunities for Cummins and our customers. We help our customers achieve greater equipment uptime and lower cost of operation, while optimizing internal company operations like engineering and manufacturing. Our advanced analytics algorithms and models are becoming a core part of Cummins physical and digital products every day.

This is an exciting opportunity in Columbus, Indiana for a Data Scientist - Principal. This is a high level individual contributor role with an opportunity to focus on technology at a leadership level. Cummins is using advanced analytics to deliver better products and services for our customers, while also improving internal business operations across many parts of the company. Our products are smarter and more highly connected than ever before, generating data that we turn into value for our customers and stakeholders. We are seeking an experienced and dynamic data scientist to join our advanced analytics team as a thought leader, with opportunity to shape the future of this global power leader.

Your impact will happen in these and other ways:

Manages and Implements advanced analytics projects which solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches through a combination of analytical, mathematical and technical skills. Researches, designs, implements and validates cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes by leveraging complex statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques. Liaises with business stakeholders and leverages business knowledge to industrialize insights from advanced analytics projects.

Leads key objectives and business goals through the use of data science methodology

Leverages data science methodology to more complex business problems

Creates algorithms using more complex statistical methodologies through the use of statistical programming languages and tools

Partners with domain experts to verify model capabilities and translate modeling outputs from statistical inferences into business language

Partners with IT resources to enable appropriate data flow/data model, development using appropriate tools/technology, rapid prototyping and informs the design of analytical products

Trains and mentors less experienced employees on data science tools and methodologies

Qualifications

Skills

Abstract Reasoning - Envisions a solution before implementation by analyzing data, extracting patterns and relationships to establish a problem or solution's feasibility; develops new algorithms and analytical models using process diagrams, flow charts, and textual documentation to explain or conceptualize a complex problem.

Data Mining - Identifies relationships and patterns in data by using a suite of data exploration and data visualization techniques using tools such as PowerBI, R Shiny, SAS JMP, and extracts insights into multivariate data by applying principles of multivariate data mining, small sample statistical inferential tests, dimension reduction techniques to understand the underlying structure of the data and enable sound conclusions upon model building.

Predictive Modeling - Develops statistical and machine learning models using appropriate variable transformations, feature selection strategies, imputation strategies, class rebalancing, resampling strategies and performance metrics to generate descriptive, explanatory or predictive models.

Statistical Foundations - Builds statistical explanatory models for regression, classification, outlier detection, anomaly detection, time series forecasting using knowledge of foundational statistics such as Null Hypotheses Significance Tests, regression models, generalized linear modeling, time series analysis, rank statistics, probability distribution fitting survival analysis, etc. to validate hypotheses or generate predictions for any given statistical or business question.

System Simulation - Creates models of interconnected systems under dynamic operating conditions using mathematical models for physical and mechanical systems (such as Markov chains and Monte Carlo methods) and various simulation packages to reproduce the behavioral characteristics of the system(s) being simulated and to gain insight into how the system(s) reacts under different operating conditions.

Requirements Analysis - Evaluates relationships and interdependencies between requirements based upon their complexity and value to the business in order to determine feasibility and prioritization.

Strategic Roadmap Planning - Produces a high-level, multi-year product and capability roadmap utilizing internal and external business resource, asset and market knowledge and experience to communicate the organization's focus and priorities to internal and external stakeholders.

Customer focus - Building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutions.

Manages complexity - Making sense of complex, high quantity, and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems.

Balances stakeholders - Anticipating and balancing the needs of multiple stakeholders.

Directs work - Providing direction, delegating, and removing obstacles to get work done.

Drives results - Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.

Qualifications

Education, Licenses, Certifications

College, university, or equivalent degree in statistics, information systems or related field required. PhD or Master’s degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, or equivilant experience preferred

Experience

Minimum of 7 years of professional experience

Creates, manages, improves and applies work processes involving activities such as resource allocation and management, organizational and business change, customer/stakeholder management and knowledge management; all used for the purposes of enabling high quality decision making that meets business expectations.

Decisions made in this role may include resource deployment cost and timing allocations, project prioritization, personnel staffing, and Annual Operating Plan (AOP) management, the result of which can impact project cost and delivery within a site or across several sites within a business unit.

Establishes employee performance standards; works collaboratively to set goals and address areas of deficiency.

Compensation and Benefits

Base annual salary commensurate with experience plus annual variable compensation. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, Cash Balance Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, Domestic Partners Coverage and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

Cummins and E-verify

At Cummins, we are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer dedicated to diversity in the workplace. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law. Cummins validates right to work using E-Verify. Cummins will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.

Ready to think beyond your desk? Apply for this opportunity to start your career with Cummins today at careers.cummins.com

Job SYSTEMS/INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Primary Location United States-Indiana-Columbus-US, IN, Columbus, Sears Building

Job Type Experienced - Exempt / Office

Recruitment Job Type Exempt - Experienced

Job Posting Jul 30, 2019, 10:01:23 AM

Unposting Date Ongoing

Req ID: 1900030N
