Job Description:

This role uses Data Science and Engineering techniques to satisfy customer requirements. This role evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML). This role develops scripts, notebooks or applications (using Python or Java and associated libraries or frameworks: Scikit-Learn, Numpy, Tensorflow, Pytorch, Spark, Spark MLlib, H20.ai, etc.) that utilize, collect, aggregate and clean large data sets to perform analysis, clustering, entity resolution and structured information extraction for work products. Models are trained and refined using these tools and evaluated for effectiveness using appropriate criteria/metrics for the task. This role collaborates across a team of Senior Data Scientists, Data Administrators, Software and Data Engineers to produce work products.

Primary Responsibilities

This role supports creation of designs and method, process, and system development to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources.

This role will concentrate on data, pattern identification and analysis. As such will evaluate capabilities and analysis in Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, predictive modeling, statistical analysis and hypothesis testing

This role develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, query techniques, model complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate datasets.

Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various data sources and business problems.

Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.

This role develops algorithms and analytical techniques to improve business performance.

Will research and explore emerging analytics and big-data technologies.

Basic Qualifications

Candidate must have experience in Machine Learning

Familiar with developing Random Forests decision trees and subsequent analysis.

Experience with Splunk and deployment methodologies

Familiar with negotiating complex scenarios and challenges and devising courses of action to resolve situations with predictable outcomes.

Candidate must have Bachelors with 2-4 years of prior relevant experience or Masters with 2 years of prior relevant experience.

Candidate must have an active TS/SCI with polygraph.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with R and MapReduce

NSOINT
