GumGum is an AI company with expertise in computer vision built on the imagination of its people. Each day, our talented team of scientists, engineers, thinkers and doers come together to solve hard problems on behalf of the world’s most successful businesses. Through a combination of computer science, creativity and hustle, we’ve produced a series of major technology breakthroughs across a variety of industries - from advertising to sports.

Using state-of-the-art machine learning and big data techniques, GumGum enables highly impactful digital advertising campaigns with contextual understanding. At a scale of millions of pages and billions of interactions per day, we leverage computer vision and natural language processing to deliver the most intelligent and intuitive digital ad placements in the market today. Our mission is to innovate and apply technology in order to extract the deepest possible insights from digital content and empower our customers with artificial intelligence.

Summary:

The NLP team researches and implements multilingual problems such as Extreme Text Classification, Sentiment Analysis, and Named Entity Recognition. This position will work directly with bleeding-edge technologies in machine learning and distributed computing in a highly scalable, cloud-based environment.

Responsibilities:

Work on a variety of multi-language NLP and Machine Learning projects

Perform hands-on Machine Learning tasks and statistical analyses in Python

Utilize DL frameworks like Pytorch or Tensorflow to build and train neural models for NLP tasks

Own projects from their inception to production release (and beyond)

Write efficient, clean, and maintainable Python code

Work with your team members and members of other teams to implement scalable and maintainable cloud-based solutions

Own and maintain the production environment together with your team members

Requirements:

Master's or PhD in NLP, Machine Learning, or related field

3 years relevant professional experience

Expert knowledge and extensive experience working with textual data

Fluent in Python

Proficient in Software Development

Experience working on various NLP projects

Strong team player

Strong problem-solving skills

Fluent in English

Benefits & Perks:

Strong medical, dental and vision plans

Healthcare and dependent care FSA

401k plus match

Pet wellness discount

Commuter perks

Generous paid parental leave

Stock incentive program

Flex paid time off and sick leave

Fitness reimbursement

Continuous learning and professional development

Company-wide hackathons

Stocked kitchen with plenty of snacks

Dog-friendly office

Located in hotbed of tech startups, just blocks from the beach!

Plenty of gum!
