Stellar Science is a growing Albuquerque-based scientific software development company seeking talented scientists who are interested in helping create, extend, and apply exciting scientific and engineering analysis applications. This is a new position at Stellar Science and we are looking for individuals interested in helping define this role and mature our applications. Specifically, applicants must be motivated, excited to learn new tools, and willing to dive in and help wherever they are needed.

We develop custom software products in domains that include computer vision and image processing, image simulation, high power microwave systems modeling and simulation, laser source generation and effects modeling, computational electromagnetics (CEM), space situational awareness (SSA), high performance computing (HPC), and computer aided design (CAD) tools, among others.

A Stellar Science Data Scientist will help us gain new insights into experimental and simulation-based datasets, by applying innovative processing and visualization techniques. Your goal will be to help optimize performance, accuracy, and utility of modeling and simulation systems.

Minimum Requirements:

B.S. in data science, statistics, applied mathematics, physics, engineering, or a related field

Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, graph theory, etc.) and experience with applications.

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Experience with data science toolkits such as Pandas, PyTorch, scikit-learn and TensorFlow.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.

Strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations.

Scientific analysis experience in one or more of the following domains:

Electro-Optical and Radar sensing systems

Space Situational Awareness (SSA)

Image Simulation and Analysis

Antenna Modeling and Computational Electromagnetics (CEM)

3D CAD Modeling

Mesh Generation or Image-based Meshing

Directed Energy

Lasers

High Power Microwave (HPM)

High Performance Computing (HPC)

U.S. citizen, willing to undergo background investigation and perform some work at Kirtland Air Force Base

Desired:

M.S. or Ph.D. in a scientific or engineering field with substantial scientific analysis experience

Experience in several of the domains listed above

Experience working within a software production environment involving C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.

Experience running simulation and analysis processes on scalable computing architectures including clusters, cloud-based services, or supercomputers.

Stellar Science is a forward-thinking business that allows its employees to work at home on occasion when consistent with job requirements. Standard benefits include ten paid federal holidays (which may be floated as desired), three weeks vacation, a generous fully employer-funded SEP IRA, and fully employer-funded health insurance, as well as dental, disability, and life insurance.

Stellar Science is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, in accordance with Federal Regulations
