Are you a data scientist? Does the idea of working on the most interesting machine learning problems at the world's largest defense contractor excite you? Then read on, because our corporate data science team works on all of them: battle system optimization, computer vision, manufacturing efficiency, business risk mitigation, investment allocation, and many others. At Lockheed Martin, we’re transforming the very definition of work in the age of AI.

This Lockheed Martin (LM) position is part of the Office of the Chief Data and Analytics Officer. The selected candidate will apply machine learning techniques in support of missions through Lockheed Martin programs and business functions.

The responsibilities of this position include collaboration with business stakeholders to identify business opportunities and requirements to develop associated analytical models that deliver useful, actionable recommendations, or which augment human capabilities in various work settings. Responsible for modeling complex business and engineering problems, discovering insights and deploying AI capabilities through the use of machine learning and associated feature engineering techniques.

The candidate will need a combination of business focus, creative thinking, strong analytical and problem solving skills, and programming knowledge to be able to quickly cycle hypotheses through the discovery phase of the project. Excellent communications skills to understand the needs of the business, and to communicate the value of the models built back to the business.

PREFERRED LOCATION IS ANY US BASED LOCKHEED MARTIN FACILITY

Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the many benefits you available to you as one of our teammates:

Medical

Dental

401k

Paid time off

Excellent work/life balance

Career development

Mentorship opportunities

Rewards & recognition

Basic Qualifications:

Previous experience with machine learning or advanced algorithm development.

Previous experience in applying multiple of the following machine learning algorithms to business problems: random forest regressors and classifiers, SVMs, XGboost, logistic regression, neural networks, DBScan, k-means, anomaly detection algorithms.

Previous experience evaluating model performance, including performance metric selection.

Previous experience with feature engineering and data cleaning/pre-processing.

Must have strong problem solving skills, business acumen, and demonstrated excellent oral and written communication skills.

Leadership experience in running data product projects from start to finish and interacting with end-user customers.

Demonstrated creativity and innovation in applying standard and cutting-edge machine learning techniques to business problems.

Preferred languages: Python, R, SQL, Hive, Spark

MUST BE A US CITIZEN

Desired Skills:

Expertise in Natural Language Processing

Expertise in deep learning, especially CNNs, RNNS, LSTMs, and reinforcement learning

Distributed Computing

Story-Telling and Visualization

Experience with UI/UX and/or human-machine interaction

Experience with data engineering

Experience with integration of data products into customer applications

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL:

Experienced Professional
