Master’s Degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operation Research, Economics or a related quantitative field.

2+ years of experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, Weka, SAS, Matlab)

Amazon Echo and Alexa are magical: you can ask for any music and it plays instantly. But it's still Day 1 for the voice-enabled music experiences, and we're looking for some Data Scientist to help us make it even better. As a member of the Amazon Music team, you will be responsible for leading the effort to improve the ways that customers can ask for what they want to hear in Amazon Music Unlimited, Prime Music or in their Amazon Music library. You will create new Amazon Music voice features that will allow customers to discover new music and get to the music they would like to hear.

The ideal candidate is interested in being part of a nimble team, passionate about innovating for customers, and has a demonstrable track record of success in delivering new features and products. A commitment to team work, hustle, and strong communication skills (to both business and technical partners) are absolute requirements. The person has an attention to detail to deliver solutions that delight customers. The person will participate in the design, development, and evaluation of models and ML (machine learning) technology so that customers have the magical experience of Music via Alexa.

Amazon Music

Imagine being a part of an agile team where your ideas have the potential to reach millions. Picture working on cutting-edge consumer-facing products, where every single team member is a critical voice in the decision-making process. Envision being able to leverage the resources of a Fortune-500 company within the atmosphere of a start-up. Welcome to Amazon Music, where ideas are born and come to life as Amazon Music Unlimited, Prime Music, and so much more.

Everyone on our team has a meaningful impact on product features, new directions in music streaming, and customer engagement. We are looking for new team members across a variety of job functions including software engineering/development, marketing, design, ops and more. Come join us as we make history by launching exciting new projects in the coming year.

Our team is focused on building a personalized, curated, and seamless music experience. We want to help our customers discover up-and-coming artists, while also having access to their favorite established musicians. We build systems that are distributed on a large scale, spanning our music apps, web player, and voice-forward audio engagement on mobile and Amazon Echo devices, powered by Alexa to support our customer base. Amazon Music offerings are available in countries around the world, and our applications support our mission of delivering music to customers in new and exciting ways that enhance their day-to-day lives.

Come innovate with the Amazon Music team!

PhD Degree in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operation

5+ years of experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab)

Experience articulating business questions and using quantitative techniques to arrive at a solution using available data

Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment

Depth and breadth in quantitative knowledge. Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills. Sophisticated user of statistical tools.

Experience processing, filtering, and presenting large quantities (Millions to Billions of rows) of data

Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customer’s organization

Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively advocate technical solutions to research scientists, engineering teams and business audiences

Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relations

Experience in the music industry

Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation

musicjobs#
