IQVIA™ is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.

Join us on our exciting journey!

IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward.

The Analytics Center of Excellence

A core part of R&D Solutions Applied Data Science Center, our Analytics Center of Excellence (ACOE) harnesses our global healthcare insights, working closely with our clinical and therapeutic experts to power evidence-driven design, speed site activation and recruit the right patients, faster. This is a new unit within our business, integrated within Clinical Operations. We’re using big data and advanced analytics to derive insights that transform clinical development and bring new medicines to patients faster through successful trial delivery.

This multi-functional team is an innovation for our business, requiring entrepreneurial and independent thinking to build our capability. Unique and with a global view, this Center of Excellence is a chance to revolutionize the clinical research industry.

Location: Plymouth Meeting, PA

As an analytics software expert, you'll have a unique opportunity to build unparalleled in-depth knowledge within our business. Working with modern distributed analytics systems, complex data, and challenging requests, you will have the opportunity to apply complex code, and possibly move into a Methodology role within IQVIA.

Your typical activities might include:

Collaborating with business owners, subject matter experts, and go to market teams to develop and deliver analytics.

Leveraging data assets to support CRO business, optimizing design and execution of clinical trials, and improving risk management.

Overseeing multiple projects from concept to completion.

Direct analytical methodology research, project execution, streamlining process and building efficiencies.

Production deployments of advanced analytics.

Comprehensive testing of your own code.

Qualification:

Our ideal candidate will have:

A Bachelors or Masters degree in Statistics, Economics, Econometrics, and Computer Science or a related field.

At least two years of relevant quantitative experience analyzing data.

Alternatively, a relevant combination of education, training and work experience.

Experience with R, Python, and SAS

Experience with Spark, SparkR, and PySpark within distributed environment is preferred.

Strong SQL or Hive skills.

Experience working with large volumes of complex claims data.

Local language skills to an advanced level (spoken and written), with complete fluency in English.

You can drive your career at IQVIA and choose the path that best defines your development and success. With exposure across diverse geographies, capabilities, and vast therapeutic and information and technology areas, you can seek opportunities to change and grow without boundaries.

Join Us

Making a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients.

Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning.

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Job ID: R1083820
