Are you looking to be a key contributor to a global, reputable company in the downtown Cincinnati area? Our client currently has an opening for a Senior Data Scientist. Don't wait, apply now! What you will be doing as the Senior Data Scientist: Drive advanced analytics for the Company. Develop methods and systems to consolidate and analyze 'Big Data' that generate insights to the Company's transportation solutions. Utilize data, statistical and quantitative analysis, explanatory and high complexity predictive modeling and fact-based management to drive decision. Build advanced analytics and models for critical business areas including schedule optimization, anomaly detection of the routes, driver utilization, GPS data and engine fault codes. Perform advanced quantitative and statistical analysis of large datasets to identify trends, patterns, and correlations that can be used to improve business performance. Utilization of machine learning and other techniques to prevent, detect/resolve route data and operational data anomalies requiring human intervention. What you need as the Senior Data Scientist: MS or PhD in either Math / Statistics /Computer science / Other quantitative field. At least 3 to 4 years’ experience in modeling and analysis with a master’s degree; or a PhD without experience. Advanced knowledge one or more of the following: Linear and Non-Linear Models, Time Series Analysis, Random Forest, SVM, Neural Networks, Unsupervised Methods (Dimensionality Reduction, Clustering, etc.) Probabilistic Modeling and Computation. Machine Learning, including Deep Learning. Advanced knowledge in R or Python. Advanced experience with SQL skills. Must be able to perform impact data analysis and data profiling on source data systems and determine best way to model data. Clearly communicate project requirements and modeling outcomes to technical and non-technical audiences. Ability to work in a self-directed work environment.** CALL AQUARIUS TODAY AND WE WOULD LOVE TO DISCUSS THE DETAILS- 513-247-0750**
