Senior Data Scientist, Machine Learning

The JLL Digital Products team aims to bring successful technology-based products to market in a high-growth environment. The team’s mission is focused on accelerating technology adoption in commercial real estate by bringing creative, innovative and technical solutions to solve large, complex problems for our clients.

What this job involves:

The Sr. Data Scientist is a member of the Digital Products team, responsible for leading the projects by selecting appropriate machine learning and data science technologies to solve business problems, with the focus on Digital Markets.

This position requires interaction with different stakeholders and you will be working in a fast-paced environment. You will have full ownership of the problems you will work on.

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be responsible for:

Selecting the most appropriate ML technologies to solve the business problems of interest to JLL

Staying on top of the state of the art in ML and DS techniques

Interacting with business owners at JLL to identify the problems of greatest value to JLL

Productizing the DS research as appropriate

Participating in Industry and Academic conferences and workshops to stay on top of the latest enhancements in the field

Sound like you? Before you apply it’s worth knowing what we are looking for:

3-5 years with hands-on industry experience designing and implementing ML algorithms

Strong in CS fundamentals of algorithms and data structures

Strong data bent, preferably with a background in Statistics

Experience with NLP a huge plus

Hands-on, with strong programming skills

Team player, with very good communication skills

BS/MS in CS/EE/Applied Sciences/Statistics

What you can expect from us:

We’re an entrepreneurial, inclusive culture. We succeed together—across the desk and around the globe. We believe the best inspire the best, so we invest in supporting each other, learning together and celebrating our success.

Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your ambitions in career, recognition, well-being, benefits and pay. We’ll offer you a competitive salary and benefits package.

With us, you’ll develop your strengths and enjoy a career full of varied experiences. We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL.

Apply today!

#LI
