Please Note:

1. If you are a first time user, please create your candidate login account before you apply for a job. (Click Sign In > Create Account)

2. If you already have a Candidate Account, please Sign-In before you apply.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.

Job Description:

The Customer Success Data Scientists will lead Broadcom’s Enterprise Software Division’s end-to-end customer journey analytic efforts focusing on customer adoption and retention. This role will design and develop data-driven analysis and predictive decision models to analyze and predict customer behavior; including developing new algorithms and/or modify existing algorithms to solve complicated business problems including, predicting churn, identify cross-sell and up-sell opportunities, upgrade and installation issues, product quality concerns all with the outcome of improving the customer experience to aid adoption and retention.

Leads the requirements gathering, design and development of advanced analytics such as machine learning, text analytics, speech analytics, and data munging to solve complex business problems at a strategic and at an operational level

Interacts with IT and business stakeholders at various levels of the organization to define the business use cases and address how analytics can solve the business use cases and identify opportunities for optimization. This includes ability to create presentations to tell the story behind the data and represent the business or IT perspective in appropriate instances.

Build statistical models for data analysis of the end-to-end customer journey and develop predictive models to predict specific business outcomes related to complex business problems; includes designing, testing, training and maintaining the model to driver richer insights

Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis

Perform rapid ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner starting with structured or unstructured datasets

Advise on best practices and statistical methods for evaluating and measuring data.

Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends

CUSTOMER SUCCESS DATA SCIENTIST

The Customer Success Data Scientists will lead Broadcom’s Enterprise Software Division’s end-to-end customer journey analytic efforts focusing on customer adoption and retention. This role will design and develop data-driven analysis and predictive decision models to analyze and predict customer behavior; including developing new algorithms and/or modify existing algorithms to solve complicated business problems including, predicting churn, identify cross sell and up sell opportunities, upgrade and installation issues, product quality concerns all with the outcome of improving the customer experience to aid adoption and retention.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Leads the requirements gathering, design and development of advanced analytics such as machine learning, text analytics, speech analytics, and data munging to solve complex business problems at a strategic and at an operational level

Interacts with IT and business stakeholders at various levels of the organization to define the business use cases and address how analytics can solve the business use cases and identify opportunities for optimization. This includes ability to create presentations to tell the story behind the data and represent the business or IT perspective in appropriate instances.

Build statistical models for data analysis of the end-to-end customer journey and develop predictive models to predict specific business outcomes related to complex business problems; includes designing, testing, training and maintaining the model to driver richer insights

Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis

Perform rapid ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner starting with structured or unstructured datasets

Advise on best practices and statistical methods for evaluating and measuring data.

Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends

EDUCATION, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Master's Degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or related field of study required.

5 + years of machine learning techniques and algorithms such as k-NN, Naïve Bayes,SVM, Decision Forests, Boosting, Ensembling, Neural Networks, etc.

Experience with common data science/ML toolkits such as NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-Learn, Tensor Flow, etc.

6+ years of experience using quantitative methods: Modeling, machine learning, feature creation, construct analysis, multivariate statistical analysis and model building, and predictive modeling.

Expertise in data mining algorithms and statistical modeling techniques such as clustering, classification, regression, decision trees, neural nets, support vector machines, anomaly detection, sequential pattern discovery, text mining, and advanced knowledge of Text analytics techniques in a scripting language

4+ years of experience writing SQL code in relational database environment.

5+ years of experience writing statistically-related code in ‘R’, Python, or Matlab (or equivalent), SAS. with focus on clarity, reproducibility and reusability

Knowledge of Customer Experience Metrics (e.g., NPS)

Experience in gathering requirements and listening to stakeholders

Clear communicator with professional presence (Written, verbal, including delivering presentations)

Ability to break down ambiguous problems into concrete, manageable components and think through optimal solutions

Six Sigma, change management or project management certification a plus

If you are located outside USA, please be sure to fill out a home address as this will be used for future correspondence.
