Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Arlington, VA

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations.

We believe that great outcomes are everything. It’s what drives us to turn bold ideas into breakthrough solutions. By combining digital technologies with what works across the world’s leading businesses, we use agile approaches to help clients solve their toughest problems fast—the first time. So, you can deliver what matters most.

Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change and put customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bring over 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including every cabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with our clients at the heart of the nation’s priorities in defense, intel, public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the people you employ, serve and protect.

The Cyber Data Scientist, will apply diverse analytic methods to answer novel information requirements and develop client solutions within the Cyber community. In this role, the Cyber Data Scientist will have the opportunity to apply leading edge AI/ML approaches to impactful challenges in the cyber space domain. At Accenture, we believe that traditional network security and adversarial hunt disciplines have evolved into data science disciplines, and we are seeking teammates who are willing to dive in and solve some of our Nation’s hardest challenges. A professional at this position level within Accenture has the following responsibilities:

Design and oversee analytic workflows for teams of data scientists, engineers, and visualization specialists.

Maintain a broad knowledge of emerging and practical Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies and methods.

Interacts with senior management at a client and/or within Accenture on matters where they may need to gain acceptance on an alternate approach

Acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new assignments

Manages highly technical medium sized teams responsible for AI/ML capabilities at a client

Develop a thorough understanding of the client’s requirements and constraints related to AI/ML technologies and then applying industry best practices and detailed knowledge of the domain to design an optimal solution that supports the business process and meets or exceeds functional requirements

Build a trusting relationship with major project stakeholders and leads them to adoption of the best AI/ML solution

Lead the technical design and analysis phases of federal AI/ML projects

Basic Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in a mathematics, statistics, computer science or other science / engineering discipline

Must possess a strong background in statistics, data science, and cyber physical and information systems to include leadership roles on projects related to cyber network operations (CNO), offensive (OCO), or defensive cyber operations (DCO)

Must demonstrate experience with, and an understanding of cybersecurity, networking traffic analysis, intrusion detection, offensive security, big data analysis, and predictive analytics

Experience with big data, AWS Cloud, Python, Ruby, Kafka, Elastic Search, Kibana, C/C++, open source machine learning and analytics packages

8 years of technology leadership experience with 1-2 years of experience in statistical analysis or machine learning

Preferred Skills and Qualifications:

Master’s degree in data science, applied mathematics or computer science

Current or prior military experience

An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
