The Data Scientist is responsible for developing, maintaining and enhancing statistical models and algorithms to create strategic business opportunities across the organization relative to Marketing initiatives: (Attribution Modeling, Optimizing Spend, Diminishing returns, Developing Cohorts, etc.) and Business initiatives: through data analysis deriving insights that are actionable and growth impacting. This position is constantly challenged to tap into advanced mathematical and statistical techniques to develop optimal solutions. This position is expected to communicate complex concepts clearly.

JOB DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develops and utilizes Teradata and to produce concise conclusions from raw data in a clean, well structured

and easily maintainable format as well as understand complex business requirements, business goals, and drivers and drive solutions aligning to SHC technology strategy. For example, this position finds optimal promotional cadence for seasonal goods by forecasting demand; adjusting the model based on actual outcome; and making price recommendations on a weekly basis to maximize margin.

Designs, implements and automates modeling and analysis procedures on existing and experimentally created data using open source programs including but not limited to Python and R. Modeling and analysis aims at answering various pricing and promotion questions such as "What is the best price?", "What is the best promotional cadence?" and "How should price differ across location and member?" For example, this position builds models to estimate pricing elasticities accounting for seasonality, promotions and other factors. Scales the model so that it can be applied to different divisions, recommending optimal price to maximize margin.

Plans for integrating new systems, provides leadership for service-oriented architecture (SOA) programs and adoption, and assesses the risk of implementing new solutions. Oversees and creates solutions implemented on large data warehouses.

Provides leadership in developing robust solutions for Analytics, Predictive Analytics, Pattern Recognition, Data Mining, Reporting, Web Analytics, and Metadata Management

Organizes conclusions drawn from data into action items to improve pricing strategy and presents conclusions and action items to BU partners and pricing leadership.

Provides insight into emerging technology and provide direction in the incorporation of new technology. Creates enhancements and defect resolution on an ongoing basis to improve efficiency of the code base, as well as conduct POCs (Proof of Concept) to evaluate new technologies when required.

Establishes reporting and tracking to continuously monitor and report out impact

Increases pace and confidence of learning by combining state of the art technology and statistical methods (parametric and nonparametric econometrics and machine learning); provides expertise in integrating advanced analytics into ongoing business processes (combine data mining techniques with structure approaches to avoid spurious correlations). Maintains awareness of modeling and analytics best practices from a wide range of industries

JOB REQUIREMENTS:

BS or BA required.

3-5+ years prior data experience (cleaning raw data, coding analysis, and presenting results) either professionally or in an academic setting

An advanced degree and 1-2 years of experience is also acceptable

Experience in economics, statistics, or computer science

Knowledge of various programming software and languages such as, but not limited to R, Stata, Matlab, Python, SQL, and Excel, Adobe Analytics and Data Workbench

Sound technical and analytical skills, concise and clean analytic graphics

Desire and willingness to work in a collaborative, innovative, flexible and team-oriented environment, welcoming push back on conclusions and inferences

Flexibility, adaptability and the ability to learn quickly in various technical and creative environments, while delivering quality work by tight deadlines

Ability to perform thorough analysis of complex data, draw sound conclusions, and devise actionable strategies
