Duties

Summary

Position Information

This is an opportunity for:

An internal or external candidate to fill a GS-13 cadre position.

A Federal Government employee to serve on a two-year reimbursable detail assignment in the ODNI. The detail assignment may be extended an additional year if all parties agree.

Responsibilities

Component Mission

The Office of Intelligence Community (IC) Equal Employment Opportunity and Diversity (EEOD) reports directly to the Director of National Intelligence and is responsible for the overall strategic management of the IC's efforts to build a diverse workforce. IC EEOD develops policies and programs, and provides guidance and consultation that impact the representation of women, minorities, and persons with disabilities. In addition to its community management responsibilities, the IC EEOD provides EEO and diversity services for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence organization.

Major Duties and Responsibilities (MDRs)

Lead IC EEOD compilation of pertinent workforce data from all 17 IC elements (including ODNI) in the preparation of the following mandated reports: (1) Annual Demographic Report on Hiring and Retention of Minorities, Women, and Persons with Disabilities in the U.S. Intelligence Community; 2) Annual IC 462 Report on Complaints Activity; (3) Annual and quarterly Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act (No FEAR);

Track submissions and ensure verification, timeliness, and completion of data collected and establish benchmarks using similar data collected from other federal agencies.

Organize IC workforce data in an effective manner to increase data driven decision making and access, using cutting edge analytic models, to provide the most rigorous and consolidated insight into all IC EEOD analytic product lines and decision making processes.

Prioritize research and other projects; establish project goals.

Engage with customers to understand and participate changing needs and requirements; determine substantive questions. Offer recommendations for resolution based on quantitative analysis.

Collaborate with IC collectors and analysts to acquire process and refine gaps on complex intelligence problems; devise creative all source data collection strategies to fill intelligence gaps; task specific collections resource.

Create and coordinate design solutions for transitioning (and maintaining) to a cloud based architecture(s) and associated accesses, along with local data management accesses and management.

Develop and/or retain current data repositories and data infrastructure and create new ones. Develop and maintain a data infrastructure that combines disparate data from various sources into a coherent structure to maximize utilization of the data and environment.

Independently develops the identification of new sources of intelligence and advance quantitative query. Devise quantitative analysis, ensuring all products incorporate multiple lines of inquiry and are fully coordinated with all stakeholders.

Devise accurate, timely, and sophisticated data analysis in support of the most complex key IC EEOD, ODNI, U.S. national security objectives and to shape Intelligence Community EEO and Diversity analysis priorities. Conceive complex statistical and mathematical modeling, and data mining analysis independently or in partnership with other Data Scientist or Analyst colleagues.

Manipulate, analyze, assess, and prepare tables and visualizations required for IC EEOD Congressional Budget Justification Book (CBJB) submissions, briefings, and other ad hoc data queries

Conceive, prepare and communication an extensive range of strategic, high complex graphics, computational models/tools, or written/oral assessments on significant or contentious issues for the most senior internal and external customers (e.g. policymakers, IC components, Agency executives).

Travel Required

Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

13

Job family (Series)

0132 Intelligence

Requirements

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

Desired Requirements

Thorough knowledge of individual, organizational, and technical or transnational issues of national security concern.

Thorough knowledge of business operations and associated processes.

Thorough knowledge of appropriate analytic methods and methodological tools in one or more of the following areas: Applied Mathematics (e.g. probability and statistics, formal modeling, computational social sciences); Computer Programming (e.g. programming languages, math/statistics packages, computer science, machine learning, scientific computing); and Visualization (e.g. GIS/geospatial analysis, telemetry analysis).

Thorough knowledge of research designs. Demonstrated ability to develop comprehensive computer software applications, as needed.

Ability to leverage multiple data management tools to organize relevant information and make decisions.

Ability to apply intellectual curiosity; creativity and innovation to go beyond current tools to deliver the best solution to complex problems.

Ability to effectively communicate complex, multi-disciplinary ideas and insights.

Ability to translate complex, technical findings into an easily understood narrative (i.e. tell story with data).

Analytical and critical thinking skills, including superior ability to think strategically.

Ability to multitask and change focus quickly as demands change.

Ability to evaluate data drawing pertinent inferences from data trend analysis, and interpretation of such inferences in keeping with the requirements of officials responsible for planning or for making policy decisions.

Qualifications

Mandatory and Educational Requirements

Bachelor's degree in quantitative or technical field of study (e.g. statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, Geographic Information Systems). (Master's degree in computer science, information systems, or other technology-related field is preferred).

Five (5) years of relevant analytic experience, including demonstrated expert ability to use statistical software programs (e.g., SPSS, STATA, Tableau, text analytics, Microsoft Excel pivot tables).

Education

N/A

Additional information

*** OPEN UNTIL FILLED: This announcement will be open until the position is filled. Cut off points are scheduled in two-week increments. After each cut-off point, all compliant applications received during the previous two weeks will be reviewed for consideration.***

Who May Apply

Current GS employees at the same grade or one grade lower than the advertised position grade may apply.

Former members of the Peace Corps may be considered for ODNI employment only if five full years have elapsed since separation from the Peace Corps.

For a cadre assignment:

Current ODNI permanent cadre.

Current ODNI Staff Reserve Employees. (A staff reserve employee who currently occupies this position may not apply.)

Current Federal Government employees. (Current GS employees at the same grade or one grade lower than the advertised position grade may apply.)

Candidates outside the Federal Government.

For a detailee assignment:

Current Federal Government employees. (Current GS employees at the same grade or one grade lower than the advertised position grade may apply.)

Salary Determination

The ODNI uses a rank-in-person system in which rank is attached to the individual. A selected ODNI candidate or other Federal Government candidate will be assigned to the position at the employee's current GS grade and salary.

For a selected non-Federal Government candidate, salary will be established within the salary range listed above, based on education and experience.

A current Federal Government employee, selected for a detail, will be assigned to the position at his or her current grade and salary.

The ODNI is an equal opportunity employer and abides by applicable employment laws and regulations.

REASONABLE ACCOMMODATIONS FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES: The ODNI provides reasonable accommodations to otherwise qualified applicants with disabilities. IF YOU NEED A REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the Intelligence Community Equal Employment Opportunity and Diversity Office Representative by classified email at DNI_Reasonable_Accommodation_WMA@cia.ic.gov and DNI_Diversity_WMA@cia.ic.gov, by unclassified email at DNI_DRA@dni.gov, by telephone at 703-275-3799 or by FAX at 703-275-1217 . Your request for reasonable accommodation will be addressed on a case-by-case basis. PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION TO THE EEOD EMAIL ADDRESS. THIS EMAIL IS FOR REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION REQUESTS ONLY. PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR APPLICATION VIA THE EMAIL ADDRESS PROVIDED IN THE 'HOW TO APPLY' SECTION BELOW .

How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

Applicants are encouraged to carefully review the vacancy announcement, particularly the MDRs, and construct their resume to highlight their most significant experience and qualifications relevant to this job opportunity.

Background checks and security clearance

Security clearance

Sensitive Compartmented Information

Drug test required

Yes

Required Documents

Required Documents

APPLICATION PACKAGES MUST CONTAIN ALL ITEMS LISTED IN THE 'HOW TO APPLY' INSTRUCTIONS BELOW. AN INCOMPLETE APPLICATION PACKAGE WILL BE INELIGIBLE FOR CONSIDERATION.

Your application MUST be received by midnight on the closing date of this announcement. Applications received after the closing date will NOT be eligible for consideration.

To verify receipt of your application package ONLY, you may call 301-243-1318.

Benefits

Benefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits .

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
