*This position can be in either of our Evidera offices (Seattle, Bethesda, Waltham, London) or can be based remotely
Position Summary
The Research Scientist is the independent PI of projects responsible for overseeing all aspects of project delivery; delegates project management tasks to more junior scientific staff. Takes scientific responsibility for project completion; responsible for strategic consultation and for use of best methods to address research needs. Able to oversee and participate in a large project portfolio. Innovates scientifically and produces output of high scientific quality. Assumes significant responsibilities for sales targets and client development.
Job Responsibilities

Science
Applies in-depth knowledge of scientific methods, both quantitative and/or qualitative.
Presents scientific work in peer-reviewed journals and at professional meetings.
Provides scientific leadership to team members.
Produces deliverables of high scientific quality.
Advises and implements best methods and scientific innovation in project plans and design.
Highly productive in terms of number and volume of scientific projects responsible for, involved with, and consulting on.
Knowledge of regulatory requirements and guidelines.
Scientific contributions may include:
Development and delivery of scientific studies and results directly to clients.
Assisting colleagues to optimize study design and implementation when scientist has specific areas of expertise.
Non-project related publications, presentations, workshops, advisory boards, participation in FDA meetings, etc.
Strategy/Consulting
Develops and maintains client relationships.
Understands pharmaceutical industry/FDA structure.
Identifies scientific methods/plans that help clients meet their goals as well as those that will not help clients meet their goals.
Provides scientifically rigorous deliverables that best help clients meet their objectives.
Helps clients prepare for regulatory meetings and attend regulatory meetings with clients as requested.
Financial & Business Development
Brings in proposal leads.
Writes proposals and managing proposal writing process.
Closes sales.
Meets annual target utilization rate of 70%, unless otherwise specified.
Project Management
Manages internal timelines to ensure that deliverables meet external client timelines.
Manages internal budget/staff hours per project not to exceed contracted budget.
Manages scope creep or out of scope work.
Manages legal/contracting issues.
PCR Operations Support
Supervises mid- level scientific staff.
Develops and presents internal scientific trainings.
Participates in staff recruitment efforts (phone screening, interviewing, attending presentations, etc.).
Conforms to SOPs and other Evidera/PPD requirements.
Actively supports new product development and scientific innovation.
Education and Experience Requirements
Doctorate in a life sciences or social sciences discipline (psychology, epidemiology, health services, public health, etc…) and more than one year experience in relevant field; Previous consulting experience is preferred
Master’s degree in a life sciences or social sciences discipline (psychology, epidemiology, health services, public health, etc…) and more than 5 years’ experience in relevant field; Previous consulting experience is preferred
Computer programming or software skills required for position
MS Word, PPT, Excel; familiarity with SAS or similar data analysis software.
Specific skills or knowledge required for position
Deep understanding of health outcomes research principles and familiarity with key aspects of the literature (historical and current); advanced level understanding of relevant methodology and statistics; extensive knowledge of practical research implementation; excellent communication skills including professional presentations; ability to critically review literature and contribute successfully to peer-reviewed literature in health outcomes.

About Evidera:
Evidera is a business within in Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (PPD) a leading global contract research organization (CRO), and a is a preeminent provider of evidence-based solutions. We provide integrated scientific expertise and global operational capabilities to help clients generate the evidence needed to optimize the market access and commercial potential of products.

Perks:
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, with clear opportunities for growth and career progression. You will have the opportunity to work on multiple projects with some of the industry’s leading researchers. Our offices boast a fun and collaborative working environment, frequent social events and a robust support system. We are committed to providing training and professional development, with ample opportunity to advance, for all our staff.
Evidera’s Core Competencies:
Customer Focus
Initiative
Teamwork
Problem Solving/Judgment
Accountability
If you resonate with our core competencies and want to contribute to research and consulting services driven by world-class science and thought leadership, then please submit your application – we’d love to hear from you.
Evidera, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, genetics, sexual orientation, gender preference,disability, or status as a qualified individual with a disability or protected veteran.
