This would be a hands-on technical leadership role that will require end-to-end ownership of Fin360 applications. The FTE would also work on projects that require transforming huge amounts of C&S, M&R, E&I, accounting and finance data from disparate sources into actionable business intelligence. This resource will also participate in the creation of automated processes, data repositories, reporting, and analyses from multiple systems and data sources using a variety of tools, including SAS, SQL, SAS-BI, SAS-VA and Hadoop tools.

You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.

Primary Responsibilities:

Liaison with business users to clearly define their Analytic and reporting needs - set clear and achievable goals and timelines for the project

Interface with business leaders and build relationships in support of financial planning and performance measurement including reporting and analysis

Work hands-on in SAS (SAS Enterprise Guide) and add new functionality to the tool to meet the needs

Work with Big Data technologies like Hadoop and Hive

Leverage the proven UHC SAS Fin360 framework and build fully functional innovative solutions while integrating robust reconciliation and control processes

Drive broader adoption of the SAS end-user Business Intelligence Platform including the SAS Fusion capabilities to enable self-service reporting for end-users

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to assess the impact on managed processes in-light of changes in migrations in the upstream systems - take remedial actions as necessary

Manage business relationships on behalf of the broader Finance organization and Leadership

Required Qualifications:

Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience

3+ years of experience in software development (using languages such as Python, Java, .NET, or SAS (including Macro programming)

3+ years of SQL programming skills

3+ years of data analysis and reporting experience

Demonstrated experience with developing, enhancing, and integrating Data Warehouses/Data Marts and Business Intelligence Solutions

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering

Advanced SAS Programming Experience and SAS Certification

Project management or process improvement experience

Ability to leverage SAS technologies to solve advanced analytics use-cases

Healthcare experience

Careers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 6 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do your life's best work.SM

All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
