Primary Skills: Digital Marketing, Tableau and/or Power BI, Data Analysis

Duration: 6+ Months Contract

Contract Type: W2 Only

Qualifications:

Total Indicative Experience: 4-7 Years (or equivalent education) with experience in Digital Marketing specifically.

Hands-on experience with one or more of the primary data science tool-sets: R, SAS, SPSS, Python, and models such as ARIMA.

Hands-on experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau and/or Power BI.

Experience using advanced analytics techniques to tackle digital marketing business problems, such as, pre-funnel behavior analysis to predict insights in the digital journey prior to web form conversions, insights across tactics, multi-touch attribution, campaign sequencing, ROI analysis for paid campaign efficacy, and forecasting for pipeline metrics.

Working knowledge of methods such as regression, cohort analysis, hypothesis testing, cluster analysis with hands-on experience translating raw data from relational databases and Hadoop into modeling data sets (using Excel, SQL, SAS or other coding tools) is desired.

Graduate degree in Mathematics, Physics, Astronomy, Statistics or related fields is strongly preferred. Equivalent on-the-job experience okay (ideal experience is with high-tech enterprise B2B industry, or experience from a reputed analytics firm doing similar work).

 To follow up with any questions, please contact Swapnil @ 408-512-2354.

Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (Medical, Dental, and Vision), Section 125 Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
