Our large client in Atlanta, GA has an immediate opening for a Sr. Data Scientist with Machine Learning experience. If you feel you are a good fit, please contact Ben Mahaffey at 205-623-1115, or by email at bmahaffey@apexsystems.com Sr. Data Scientist- Machine Learning/AI, Data Science and Analytics The Sr. Data Scientist is driven by an interest in solving complex problems through data exploration and analysis. They are highly analytically minded and have a robust technical tool kit. They are early in their analytics career with a drive to build a portfolio of complex modeling experience in the healthcare sector. The Sr. Data Scientist will be responsible for executing all steps in the analytic process to produce high quality, reproducible results. They will work with a team of other analyst to support the development of processes and technologies to improve patient outcomes. This role is responsible for extracting, managing, and analyzing complex administrative healthcare data and applying ML/AI concepts to uncover opportunities for process improvement. PLEASE NOTE: This position is based in Atlanta, GA in our west midtown office. Responsibilities Develop algorithms and applications to apply mathematics to data, perform large scale experimentation and develop functionality Work on large scale real-world health data for evidence generation and to drive innovation via the use of data driven insights to our customers biggest problems Build and advocate data-driven solutions that help customers improve clinical outcomes and processes Design and build scalable production-ready analytics solutions using a wide array of techniques and methodologies in the field of statistical modeling, machine learning, and other AI technologies to meet the needs of given client engagements Design and develop Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Data Mining, R, Python, Statistical Models, and other data analysis techniques to collect, explore, and extract insights from structured and unstructured electronic health record data. Create dashboards and presentations to communicate analytic findings Requirements Minimum of master’s degree in computer science, engineering, physics, or other highly quantitative and technically oriented field and 5+ years of professional work experience as a quantitative analyst or applied analytics technical leader with healthcare experience preferred Mastery of statistical software, scripting languages, and packages- preferred R, Python, SQL Prior experience in Natural Language Processing using NLTK SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of other databases/date-sources. Solid understanding of data structures, software design and architecture. Ability to work independently and take initiative, but also a co-operative team player. Proficient at interpreting business questions and applying concepts to data Excellent Communication and presentation skills, proficiency in data interpretation EEO EmployerApex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
