Ref ID: 00320-0011056082Classification: Data ScientistCompensation: $90000.00 to $100000.00 yearlyRobert Half is looking for a highly-motivated, web-focused, Data Scientist with experience working with various Government agencies. The Data Scientist will work to perform challenging and important work in the areas of signature discovery and exploitation algorithms; detection, classification and tracking algorithms; and design, analysis and performance optimization of robust, real-world advanced analytics software solutions. The Data Scientist will be using Python, C++, Matlab or similar. For immediate consideration, please send your resume directly to liana.bevacqua@rht.com. This is not a C2C opportunity and candidates must be able to work on-site in Los Angeles, two weeks from an offer without issue or delay. Job Requirements Requirements for Data Scientist *Bachelor’s Degree in Math, Engineering, or similar *Python, C++, Matlab, or similar programming experience *US Citizenship and Top Secret Security clearance (curent or expired) For immediate consideration, please send your resume directly to liana/bevacqua@rht.com. This is not a C2C opportunity and candidates must be able to work on-site in Los Angeles, two weeks from an offer without issue or delay.Technology doesn't change the world. People do. As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agencies The intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched. Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. © 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
