Why Work at Children's....

Children's Hospital Colorado has defined and delivered pediatric healthcare excellence for more than 100 years. Founded in 1908, Children's Colorado is a leading pediatric network entirely devoted to the health and well being of children. Continually recognized as one of the nation's outstanding hospitals by U.S. News & World Report, Children's Colorado is known both for its nationally and internationally recognized medical, research and education programs as well as the full spectrum of everyday care for kids throughout Colorado and surrounding states. With more than 1,000 healthcare professionals representing the full spectrum of pediatric specialties, Children's Colorado Network of Care includes its main campus, 16 Children's Care Centers and more than 400 outreach clinics.

A career at Children's Colorado will challenge you, inspire you, and motivate you to make a difference in the life of a child.

Additional Information

Department: Analytics Resource Center

Hours per week: 40, eligible for benefits

Shift: Full time, exempt

Job Overview

This position is responsible for advanced data science work harnessing vast amounts of data to optimize business and clinical outcomes. This position will utilize data science, advanced analytic and statistical techniques, including various types of machine learning, natural language processing and various modeling techniques for quantitative and qualitative data to identify patterns, insights, trends to decision makers. This position develops, tests, validates and implements predictive models for business and clinical outcomes, accounting for important features, and providing recommendations on actions to take to prevent or support an outcome. This role will produce actionable analyses that show key performance indicators, identify areas of improvement, display root cause analysis of problems and/or clinical decision support. Interprets and communicates findings and insight to stakeholders, leaders, clinicians and members of the workforce to support clinical care, business operations, or business strategy recommendations for optimizing business performance. This position is responsible for workflow and tool development, development and testing of computational and analytic solutions to challenges, complex data visualization techniques, and dissemination of results to a variety of audiences with varying levels of computational and statistical expertise. This position will utilize existing knowledge in data science and health care, while staying current in new techniques, methodologies and tools. This position may perform lead work over lower level staff.

Potential Specialty Areas: Clinical, Finance, Quality, Research, People

Responsibilities

POPULATION SPECIFIC CARE

No direct patient care.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

An employee in this position may be called upon to do any or all of the following essential functions. These examples do not include all of the functions which the employee may be expected to perform.

Develops and implements computational solutions for clinical and business problems

Develop, validate, test and implement predictive models using various methods.

Develop, validate, test and implement machine learning models for health care data

Disseminates and interprets models for varying audiences

Collaborates with a variety of individuals and department teams to provide comprehensive analyses supporting organizational wide projects, programs, and initiatives. Works directly with stakeholders and end users to ensure best practices for model development.

Identifies data sources needed to produce required advanced analyses. May perform comprehensive data profiling on new data sources. Ensures delivered analyses meet requirements. Collaborates with others to solve problems and obtain feedback on analyses.

Identifies continuous improvement opportunities for predictive modelling algorithm

Prepares, analyzes and develops analyses using a variety of scripting languages, analytical tools and open source tools.

Performs statistical techniques to collect and build useful datasets, then performs quantitative and/or qualitative analyses on them using advanced modelling techniques to provide recommendations and support business decisions.

Manages, facilitates, and provides oversight for a variety of data science projects from start to finish.

Provides project management, advanced analysis and support for collaborative work and major improvement initiatives.

Presents analysis-related progress updates and research findings to internal and external stakeholders, project teams, departments, and leadership. Creates analyses, data visualizations and presentations.

Researches and implements use of new data science analysis techniques.

Devises, implements and supports ongoing sustainable data validation processes.

Involved in the development, preparation and outcome tracking for clinical and operational performance metrics.

Gathers functional and technical requirements to design, build, test, deliver and manage data for analyses.

Understands and ensures compliance with HIPAA, HITECH and other applicable regulations.

Performs qualitative analyses on qualitative data, including free text

Interprets complex models and results to stakeholders and lay audiences.

Provides consultation to stakeholders, business and technical teams on appropriate statistical analysis techniques.

Other Information

SCOPE AND LEVEL

Guidelines: Possesses and applies a broad knowledge of concepts, practices and procedures within a particular field of specialization.

Complexity: Duties and tasks are broad and complex, usually requiring a greater degree of responsibility. Procedures, methods and techniques to carry out work may not be well defined, requiring advanced knowledge in specific specialties and of the organization.

Decision Making: Has latitude in making most decisions. Decisions and recommendations are made after contemplative analysis and with independent judgment and ingenuity. May escalate the most complex and important decisions to a higher level employee, supervisor and/or manager.

Communication: Communicates explanatory and/or interpretive information relative to the organization and/or advanced knowledge of own function with team members, peers, management, clients and in some cases, the public. Uses discretion and independent judgment is exchanged, defended, gathered and/or presented. Defers to higher level team members and/or management only when necessary.

Supervision Received: Works under limited supervision and with a high degree of independence, conferring with supervisor and/or manager on unusual matters. May be assisted by lower level employees.

Qualifications

EDUCATION – Master’s degree is required in computer science, data science, biostatistics, or similar field

EXPERIENCE – Minimum of five (5) years of related experience is required. Advanced skills in data science tools such as R, Python, as well as broad computational and statistical skills, complex data structures, a variety of analytical and open source tools; Experience with machine learning, distributed and cloud computing, and version control tools

EQUIVALENCY – Combination of post-high school education, job related certification, and/or related experience equivalent to nine (11) years may be considered in lieu of minimum requirements.

Physical Requirements

Ability to Perform Essential Functions of the Job

Vision - Near: clear vision at 20 inches or less

Weight Lifted/Force Exerted: up to 10 pounds/4.5 kilos, up to 1/3 of time

Hearing: able to clearly hear details

Sit: 2/3 or more of time

Talk: able to communicate verbally

Mental/Emotional: able to work in close proximity to others and/or in a distracting environment

Mental/Emotional: able to cope with stress effectively

Mental/Emotional: able to prioritize effectively

Work Environment

Mental/Emotional: able to tolerate ambiguity

Mental/Emotional: able to prioritize effectively

Mental/Emotional: may be subject to many interruptions

Office Work Environment: Regular/frequent exposure

Bloodborne Pathogen Category 2: Occasional exposure to blood/body fluid

Equal Employment Opportunity

It is our intention that all qualified applicants be given equal opportunity and that selection decisions be based on job-related factors. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, or any other status protected by law or regulation. Be aware that none of the questions are intended to imply illegal preferences or discrimination based on non-job-related information.
