NLP Software Developer     What you will be doing as an NLP Junior Software Developer   Build and evaluate Machine Learning  Deep Learning models (ML  DL)  Code on Python  Perform text preprocessing (NLP)  Build scalable platform or production with Docker in AWS        What you will bring to the table as an NLP Junior Software Developer     MUST HAVE   Expert in Python  Good knowledge of building, evaluating machine learning  deep learning models  Familiar with TensorFlow, Keras, Pandas, NumPy  Familiar with NLP domain and text preprocessing, Embeddings. LSTM models  Good knowledge of machine learning basics. Knowledge of Seq2Seq model  Familiar with AWS (EC2, S3), GitHub and JIRA (track process of production)  Familiar with Linux system  Familiar with Docker      NICE TO HAVE   Good skills of building scalable platform or production with Docker in AWS  Knowledge of visualizing data  Familiar with GitHub      What you didn t know about NextGen   Competitive salary  Health, Dental and Vision Benefits  Long-Term growth potential  401k eligible after one year  With this position, you will get the opportunity to work with a game changing client and further advance your already valuable experience in the telecom industry!      NextGeners are Connectors.   We thrive on quality over quantity and put in the work building strong relationships. We create connections, discover qualities, uncover skills, and place people with accuracy. We are your true partner!     NextGeners are Collaborators.   You ll be working with an award-winning company who gives you direct connections to hiring managers. Our services don t stop at the standard recruiting process. We use our expertise to tailor your resume, help improve your interview skills, and provide ongoing career support.     NextGeners give 247 Support.   We are in this together. We provide around We are in this together. We provide around the clock availability, competitive employee benefits, and continuously check-in to make sure things are going smoothly. Check out our Glassdoor page!

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Washington D.C. 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_48571717a81ffb78d7e913edb844c9bb
