We are seeking a Manager of Business Intelligence (BI Guru/Data Scientist/Visualization Master) to become an integral part of our team! You will analyze data and build visualizations to better understand business and market trends in order to increase our clients revenue and efficiency. This is a vital role to the success of our business.

Responsibilities:

Developing data analytics models to improve our attribution platform.

Work with Junior analyst and developers to build our BI and analytics tools.

Use data to understand business patterns and trends.

Analyze internal and external data through quantitative research.

Communicate findings to company through standard and ad hoc reports.

Promote best practices in data analysis and reporting.

Collaborate with cross-functional teams.

Execution of analytical and operational special projects, as they arise.

Qualifications:

4+ Years Previous experience in business intelligence, analysis, or other related field.

Knowledge of statistical tools and business reporting (Qlikview, Tableau, DataMiner, R).

Experience with Google Analytics.

Advanced expertise in Microsoft Excel.

Experience with Microsoft SQL and writing queries and stored procedures.

Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills.

Strong attention to detail.

Ability to prioritize and multitask.

Experience with Traditional or Digital media is a plus.

A desire to learn new technologies and develop professionally is very important.

About Intermedia Advertising

For the past 40 years, InterMedia has been a leader and prime innovator in direct marketing. We’re at the top of the direct marketing industry because we have blended proprietary and traditional resources to produce direct marketing campaigns that reliably provide a healthy return on our clients’ advertising investments. InterMedia always provides exceptional media efficiency, results-oriented creative, cutting-edge analytics and research—combined with a thorough dedication to client service.
