job summary:

Our client, a global leader in the medical device industry, is in need of a Data Scientist on a contract basis. A key element of the client's service involves using hospital data to generate new insights for clinicians and hospital executives.  They have a large and ever-growing repository of medical imaging and patient data and are looking for individuals who can mine that data to develop insights that ultimately will result in the improvement of patient care. This position is full-time contract-to-hire position in Irvine, CA. 
 
location: Irvine, California
job type: Contract
salary: $60 - 80  per hour
work hours: 8am to 5pm
education: Bachelors
 
responsibilities:

Serve as the technical lead in the design and build of systems (20%) 

Lead infrastructure and/or systems evaluation testing/proof of concepts (15%) 

Lead reliability, availability, scalability and performance initiatives (15%) 

Interface with members of the business and lead technical business requirements gathering sessions 10% 

Work with vendors to evaluate and recommend new product and/or service offerings, and serve as a technical lead on implementation. (10%) 

Serve as a mentor and trainer to more junior staff members (10%) 

Serve as the technical lead in administration and operations of systems (5%) 

Author device, network and/or systems diagrams, including configuration parameters (5%) 

Lead maintenance and upgrade activities on IT infrastructure and/or applications (5%) 

Provide support and troubleshooting of issues/incidents (5%) 
 
qualifications:

  Skills/Technical Qualifications:   

Sufficient background to understand academic literature related to deep learning and implement described models in Keras and Tensorflow 

5+ years of python for data manipulation and analytics 

Strong SQL knowledge and skills 

Experience in health care a strong plus 

Must have a B.S. degree or higher.  M.S. or PhD preferred 

  Other Qualifications:   

Expertise troubleshooting data quality issues, performance bottlenecks and data pipeline dependencies 

Ability to communicate in a highly collaborative team environment consisting of technical (engineers/developers) and non-technical personnel (project managers/business leaders) 

Comfortable with ambiguity 

Excellent problem-solving skills 

Excellent understanding of troubleshooting techniques with ability to adapt and learn new technologies 
 
skills:    Skills/Technical Qualifications:  


Sufficient background to understand academic literature related to deep learning and implement described models in Keras and Tensorflow 

5+ years of python for data manipulation and analytics 

Strong SQL knowledge and skills 

Experience in health care a strong plus 

Must have a B.S. degree or higher.  M.S. or PhD preferred 

  Other Qualifications:   

Expertise troubleshooting data quality issues, performance bottlenecks and data pipeline dependencies 

Ability to communicate in a highly collaborative team environment consisting of technical (engineers/developers) and non-technical personnel (project managers/business leaders) 

Comfortable with ambiguity 

Excellent problem-solving skills 

Excellent understanding of troubleshooting techniques with ability to adapt and learn new technologies 



Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status. 

Qualified applicants in San Francisco with criminal histories will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 
We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  
      

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Irvine, CA 92614 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Hardware; Computer Software; Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         702386
