Job Overview:

The Strategic Procurement team at Macy’s is responsible for collaboratively developing and implementing non-merchandise spend management strategies in support of Macy’s Inc.’s overall corporate strategy and the company’s focus on ongoing industry performance. Strategic Procurement is responsible for sourcing, procurement, category management, vendor development and diversity, and spend analytics. This newly created position will be part of the Center of Excellence procurement group within the Strategic Procurement team, focusing on introducing and incorporating advanced analytical concepts to apply to our procurement practices today.

This role will primarily focus on how procurement can support the business in making better decisions on overall procurement strategies for non-merchandise related spend. Examples include, but are not limited to vendor selection, product/service mix, optimization of existing goods and/or services. This individual will work collectively across the procurement organization supporting from an analytical perspective both in the beginning of the sourcing process to develop key business strategies for going out to market, as well as at the latter part of the process to analyze vendor bids and optimize scenarios to help negotiate and develop a recommendation strategy to the business owners. Perform other duties as assigned.

Essential Functions:

Collaborate directly with all procurement levels on sourcing projects from project initiation.

Identify opportunities through data, not limited to just spend data to bring a new thought process on how we approach strategic procurement projects with data.

Utilize the 7- Step Sourcing Process in partnership with procurement partners during a sourcing event.

Answer complex business questions by applying structure problem solving and performing technical analyses. Understanding a current landscape of a set forth category, and utilizing market research to help craft a future baseline of spend, volume etc for a set forth event. This role will collaborate across both procurement, finance and business owners.

Using a critical eye, challenge current processes, both internal to procurement, and external to propose opportunities for improvement (both system + functional processes)

Draw inferences and apply.

Work closely with procurement teams and associated team members to draw insights from data and analysis.

Create compelling interactive visualizations and presentations to enhance decision making capabilities within sourcing events and beyond, be able to tell your “story” on projects.

Regular, dependable attendance & punctuality.

Qualifications:

Education/Experience:

B.S. or M.S (preferred) in relevant technical field such as Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics or Economics.

Basic understanding of the procurement process.

such as Python, Perl, or PHP.

Familiarity with relational databases and SQL and experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools such as Hadoop, Map/Reduce, Hive, etc.

Familiarity with visualization tools such as Tableau or Spotfire.

Communication Skills:

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.

Mathematical Skills:

Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and analytical skills.

Reasoning Ability:

Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision and make sound decisions.

Physical Demands:

This position involves regular walking, standing, sitting for extended periods of time, hearing, and talking.

May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching.

May involve close vision, color vision, depth perception, focus adjustment, and viewing computer monitor for extended periods of time.

Involves manual dexterity for using keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.

May involve moving or lifting items under 10 pounds.

Other Skills:

Strong passion for answering complex business questions using a structured problem solving and rigorous data analysis.

Ability to work in teams, this role will be very collaborative in nature working across both different procurement teams + other business areas.

Familiarity with analytical tools such as SAS, R, Matlab, or STATA or scripting languages.

Positive attitude, desire to learn new things while weaving in existing expertise.

Work Hours:

Ability to work a flexible schedule based on department and company needs.

This job description is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy’s, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment.
