If you are a Lead Bioinformatics/Data Scientist with experience, please read on!   Top Reasons to Work with Us   1. Open, inclusive, and cohesive work environment
2. Cutting-edge science and market disruptive product
3. Excellent benefits, Equity, and unlimited PTO   What You Will Be Doing   Innovate and advance industry-leading data analysis algorithms.
Lead the bioinformatics and data analysis efforts for the development and evaluation of analytical pipelines for the platform.
Develop a robust bioinformatics pipeline and testing
Build and maintain databases for product
Partner with other R&D members in planning and execution of development and validation.
Participate in monitoring of customer sites and provide troubleshooting support as needed.   What You Need for this Position   At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of:

- Python
- Bioinformatics
- Data Analysis
- Assay Development
- Machine Learning
- NGS
- Genome Sequencing
- RNAseq   What's In It for You   1. Open, inclusive, and cohesive work environment
2. Cutting-edge science and market disruptive product
3. Excellent benefits, Equity, and unlimited PTO    So, if you are a Lead Bioinformatics/Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!  

Security Clearance will be needed - therefore, only US citizens can be considered. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Palo Alto, CA 94301 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Biotechnology/Pharmaceuticals 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Professional 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         AD8-1536491101
