At Varen, our performance is measured by the success of our clients, and our reputation for service, superior quality, objectivity, integrity and results. Our reputation is everything to us as we are committed to being a trusted advisor to our nation’s decision makers in a day in age that demands acute attention to detail in a fast-paced environment. Varen is seeking to add the sharpest technical professionals who share our passion for ensuring the mission success of our customers at all times.

POSITION DESCRIPTION:

Varen Technology is looking for a SI Expert/Data Scientist to join our growing company. This is an opportunity to take on new transformational support in the areas of Strategic Workforce Planning, Learning, Leadership and Employee Development, Diversity and Inclusion, Performance Management and Workforce Analytics. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:

Provide workforce analytics support to the Sponsor

Analyze workforce data to provide insights and identify trends

Develop and refine workforce model(s) and accompanying data structures where needed to capture and report on the workforce composition in a consistent manner over time

Create data models to support informed executive-level decision making, scenario

planning, and workforce strategy development. Example areas of focus may include, but are not limited to: onboard personnel aligned with the new workforce construct, hiring/attrition projections and patterns, skills and learning assessments/needs, demand/capacity modeling, workforce engagement, and workforce alignment with mission priorities, digital technologies, and/or industry trends

Work collaboratively with individuals in other work units to develop integrated models

that integrate workforce data with other types of data to show linkages and patterns

Use an array of data analytics techniques to analyze and present workforce data

Respond to workforce data inquiries with creative visual data presentations

Independently conceive, prepare and communicate workforce analytics through complex graphics, computational models and tools, and written/oral assessments

Continually interface with executive level management requiring the planning, presentation and briefing of information

REQUIRED EXPERIENCE:

Extensive knowledge of workforce analytics

Proven experience in conducting advanced modeling and data analysis, applying varied mathematical and data analytics techniques and developing-models in support of organizational strategy and management.

Computer programming skills (languages, packages) as needed to support the management of data and application of tools/models.

Demonstrated success in developing strategic goals and leading complex programs and well as meaningful change.

Proven experience in designing, developing and delivering executive level

communications on organization transformation and business process changes. Ability to

prepare presentations and to present information to senior managers.

Experience with project development lifecyc1e and systems operations.

Proven experience leading and actively participating in project teams.

Proven ability to interact with customers, senior leadership and program managers in a highly matrixed environment.

Ability to translate complex findings into an easily understood narrative (i.e., tell a story with the data) in graphical, verbal, and written form.

Demonstrated excellent communication and customer support skills. The candidate will be supporting a high profile program that will require coordination across the organization and with front office/executive level management.

Demonstrated experience providing requirements gathering and analysis, configuration management, performance measurement and metrics.

Demonstrates excellent writing skills and ability to craft clear concise request for funding and responses to tasking.

Demonstrates excellent oral communication skills to brief management on resource issues.

Proven ability to interact with customers, senior leadership and program managers in a highly matrixed environment.

A Bachelor's degree (or equivalent experience (3 years for Bachelors) in Information Systems, or a scientific discipline

Minimum of 10 Years' relevant experience, 3 years in Intelligence Community

CLEARANCE REQUIREMENT:

TS/SCI w Poly Clearance

Varen Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and applicants receive lawful consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, gender, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
