Organization and Job ID

Job ID: 309531

Directorate: National Security Directorate

Division: Computing & Analytics

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics

Job Description

Do you want to create a legacy of meaningful research for the greater good? Do you want to lead and contribute to work in support of an organization that addresses some of today’s most challenging problems that face our Nation? Then join us in the Data Sciences and Analytics Group at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL)!

For more than 50 years, PNNL has advanced the frontiers of science and engineering in the service of our nation and the world in the areas of energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is committed to advancing the state-of-the-art in artificial intelligence through applied machine learning and deep learning to support scientific discovery and our sponsors’ missions. Help us advance this frontier and protect our nation!

Data science at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) addresses critical national and global issues by applying scientific and mathematical techniques to multiple data sources and communicating the finding to our sponsors and the academic community. This position requires thought leadership and technical depth to support the sponsors of PNNL’s National Security Directorate in the development and advancement of data science and artificial intelligence research. Research of interest includes the development, implementation, and resulting analyses of national security capabilities related to remote sensing, human language technologies, computer vision, image/video understanding and other related fields.

The data scientist in artificial intelligence should have the following attributes:

Familiar with existing deep learning libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2) and machine learning packages (i.e. sklearn)

Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, social computing, time series prediction, computer vision, etc.

Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.g., publication in conferences such as NIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, ICCV, ECCV, ACL, ICWSM, EMNLP, NAACL, EACL, COLING, and SIGIR is preferred)

Discipline, principal job duties/expectations, and qualitative and quantitative measures of performance that exceed the Functional Descriptor:

This position will require interactions with Government, military, and industry officials nationwide for a variety of programs, projects, and tasks, including technical and programmatic concept development, planning, coordination, integration, and execution that can be supported by data science and deep learning techniques.

The hiring level will be determined based on the education, experience and skill set of the successful candidate based on the following:

Level III: Selects and develops technical approaches on assignments with occasional oversight on complex problems. Principal investigator or co-PI on projects or tasks, while integrating capabilities of work team members, and builds effective project teams

Level IV: Selects and develops technical approaches to complex challenges. Principal investigator or co-PI on multiple or significantly complex, and/or high risk projects or tasks and/or involving multiple tasks, capabilities, and organizations. Leads organizational teams that proactively identify and promote new capabilities and advance strategy.

Minimum Qualifications

o Bachelor’s degree with 5 years of experience, Master’s with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1-2 years of experience.

Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree with 7 years of experience, Master’s with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience.

Equal Employment Opportunity

Battelle Memorial Institute (BMI) at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer and supports diversity in the workplace. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or genetic information. All BMI staff must be able to demonstrate the legal right to work in the United States. BMI is an E-Verify employer. Learn more at jobs.pnnl.gov.

Other Information

This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a federal security clearance.

Requirements:

U.S. Citizenship

Background Investigation: Applicants selected will be subject to a Federal background investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified matter in accordance 10 CFR 710, Appendix B.

Drug Testing: All Security Clearance (L or Q) positions will be considered by the Department of Energy to be Testing Designated Positions which means that they are subject to applicant, random, and for cause drug testing. In addition, applicants must be able to demonstrate non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for the 12 consecutive months preceding completion of the requisite Questionnaire for National Security Positions (QNSP).

Note: Applicants will be considered ineligible for security clearance processing by the U.S. Department of Energy until non-use of illegal drugs, including marijuana, for 12 consecutive months can be demonstrated.

Directorate: National Security Dir

Job Category: Scientists/Scientific Support

Group: Data Sciences & Analytics

Opening Date: 2019-07-02

Closing Date: 2019-08-16
