Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, or a related field and one year of experience in the job offered or a related occupation.

Employer will also accept a Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, or a related field and five years of experience in the job offered or a related field as equivalent to the Master’s degree and one year of experience.

Must have one year of experience in the following skills: (1) working with large data sets; (2) writing complex SQL queries; (3) building complex data analyses by leveraging scripting languages including Python, Java, or a related scripting language; (4) understanding of machine learning and linguistics.

Data Scientist is a role to build world class Data Science/ business intelligence, analytics, and reporting systems for ADS teams.

The Data Scientist– ADS Technology is accountable for the establishing performance measures and analytics for ADS teams. Facilitate creation of KPIs and KPMs, defined standards on measurement, reporting, and reviewing them to keep performance of ADS operations teams on track. (S)He should thrive and have demonstrated success in an environment which offers ambiguously defined problems, big challenges, and quick changes. (S)He will be expected to balance detailed execution with speed and possess solid collaborative skills. (S)He will be working in a fast-paced environment where every day brings new challenges and new opportunities. (S)He should have excellent business and communication skills and be able to work with business owners to develop and define solutions. This position involves regular communication with senior management on project status and risks. Cross-team coordination, project management, and executive presentation skills are essential.

Own the data science elements of various Alexa Data Services products to help with data based decision making, product performance optimization, and product performance tracking;

Work directly with product managers to help drive the design of the product;

Work with Technical Product Managers to help drive the build planning;

Translate business problems and products into data requirements and metrics;

Initiate the design, development, and implementation of scientific analysis projects or deliverables;

Own the analysis, modelling, system design, and development of data science solutions for products.

Bridge the Degree of uncertainty in both problem definition and data scientific solution approaches;

Build consensus on data, metrics, and analysis to drive business and system strategy.

Master Degree in Data Science, Analytics, Computer Science Eng., Systems Eng., Statistics with 3+ years of relevant experience

Experience working with enterprise reporting systems, data analytics.

Experience working as an Analytics Engineer or Data Scientist working with cross functional teams.

Experience working with data visualization tools and creating data visualization concepts. (Excel, Tableau, or similar)

Experience of statistical analysis and tools such as SAS, R, or equivalent.

Familiarity with AWS RedShift and other distributed computing technologies preferred.

WS RedShift and other distributed computing technologies preferred.

Amazon.com is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation
