Join our team! As a global leader in providing title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, First American Financial Corporation (NYSE: FAF) is an ideal place to build your career. We have been entrusted with helping our customers achieve and protect their dream of homeownership since 1889.We believe that our people are the key to the company’s continued success. Because our employees enable our future, we invest in theirs by supporting their careers and promoting their overall wellbeing. First American has created an award-winning culture and has been named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® 2018 list for the third consecutive year and to more than 50 regional Best Places to Work lists. For more information, visit www.firstam.com

Job Summary

How would you like to work for one of Fortune’s top 100 Best Places to Work in 2018? At First American, we believe in People First and it shows in the passion and energy of our employees. We are seeking a Senior Information Security Data Scientist to join our growing team. The ideal candidate will be intricately involved in performing analysis and developing data driven models to enhance our information security capabilities. This individual work with a variety of data assets from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining. This is a perfect opportunity for the successful candidate to become part of an innovative and energetic team that designs, develops, and implements the most valuable business solutions for the entire organization.

Responsibilities:

Leverage skills in handling very large datasets to perform exploratory analysis, construct relevant variables, and perform sample design.

Build complex predictive models to substantially improve business operations.

Act as technical expert to recommend and develop innovative analytic solutions.

Communicate and present results to internal audiences, senior leadership, and prepare presentations and documentation of models and analytical solutions.

Use skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and established policies and procedures.

Troubleshoots a wide variety of complex problems and identifies solutions within broad applications and functional expertise.

Requirements:

Extensive experience with development of analytical solutions in the field of information security.

Knowledge and experience with diverse statistical and data mining methods (e.g. - GLM/Regression, Trees, Clustering, PCA, SVM, Time Series analysis etc.)

Demonstrated proficiency with statistical packages such as R or Python

Understanding of RDBs and interactive SQL programming skills

Aptitude for picking up new technologies and industries

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

5-7 years’ experience building predictive and descriptive statistical models, preferably in the field of information security.

Education:

BS or equivalent in Mathematics, Statistics, or Computer Science

MS or PhD degree preferred

First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our Company and our dedication to putting People First, check out firstam.com/careers.
