At TE we strongly believe that data and analytics are strategic drivers for future success. We are investing significantly in building our advanced analytics team. The Analytics team at TE is part of the TE Information Solutions (TEIS) Organization and is responsible for driving organic growth by leveraging big data and advanced analytics. The team reports to the VP and Chief Data Officer at TEIS, works closely with the SVP of Corporate Strategy, and has regular interactions with the company’s C-Suite. This Data Scientist position will directly report to the Director of Data Science.

We are on an exciting journey to build and scale our advanced analytics practice; in this position you will apply your skills to unlock opportunities and enable top strategic priorities for TE. You will be working on problems that require advanced analytics applications to create value for diverse business functions such as supply chain, pricing, Industrial IOT & digital factory implementation, digital marketing and sales growth, and will impact business units that span through multiple geographic areas.

Responsibilities

Work closely with business partners and engagement managers to translate complex strategic problems into relevant analytic frameworks.

Proactively ask questions to understand business intent, problem statement, analytics opportunity and how the end-results will be used. Understand and capture implicit assumptions by the business user.

Identify and consume relevant structured and unstructured data sources (including IoT sources such as manufacturing sensors systems).

Identify practical approaches to test and learn key hypotheses to extend analytic insight.

Solve problems and uncover opportunities through statistical and machine learning models, algorithms and data visualizations (analytical approaches that may be used include optimization, simulation, regression, mixed models, classification models, machine learning, and deep learning).

Qualifications

A master’s degree in data science, predictive analytics, computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, software engineering, physics, or related quantitative discipline.

5+ years of data science work experience, including a demonstrated high-level of proficiency in applying data techniques to solving customer problems.

5+ years of experience in machine learning, predictive analytics, and statistical modeling.

1+ year of experience in data visualization (e.g. Tableau, Power BI, Qlik, Ploty)

Proficiency in conducting analyses using tools like Python, Spark, R and others within a Hadoop Ecosystem.

A rigorous understanding of the fundamentals of statistics, machine learning and artificial intelligence using both structured and unstructured data sets.

Demonstrated ability to explain and document the analytics methodology, results and insights to the business partners and senior leadership.

Experience on using a solid, logical, process-oriented approach to training and testing models.

We Value

A PhD degree and/or additional relevant industry certifications (in analytics, software platforms, cloud environments, etc.).

Experience in analytics applications in industrial/manufacturing domains.

Exposure to distributed computing frameworks as well as cloud technologies.

Experience in presenting complex quantitative analyses in clear and precise manner to leadership teams.

Experience moving prototypes to production environment and optimizing models in production environment.

Experience mentoring business analysts and other data scientists.
