Job Overview:

As part of the Supply Chain group, the Associate Data Scientist will develop innovative analytical approaches to merchandising, supply chain, customer, and pricing strategies. The Associate Data Scientist will perform technical analyses to forecast demand, understand customer preferences, simulate business outcomes, and optimize inventory investments. The Associate Data Scientist will develop persuasive interactive visualizations to influence high-impact business decisions. Perform other duties as assigned.

Essential Functions:

Answer complex business questions by applying structured problem solving and performing technical analyses.

Support the development of classification, forecasting, simulation, optimization, and summarization applications.

Work closely with cross functional teams to draw insights from data and analysis.

Create compelling interactive visualizations and presentations to enhance decision making capabilities throughout the company.

Regular, dependable attendance & punctuality.

Qualifications:

Education/Experience:

B.S. or M.S. (preferred) in relevant technical field such as Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Economics.

Communication Skills:

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.

Mathematical Skills:

Basic math functions such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and analytical skills.

Reasoning Ability:

Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision and make sound decisions.

Physical Demands:

This position involves regular walking, standing, sitting for extended periods of time, hearing, and talking.

May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching.

May involve close vision, color vision, depth perception, focus adjustment, and viewing computer monitor for extended periods of time.

Involves manual dexterity for using keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.

May involve moving or lifting items under 10 pounds.

Other Skills:

Strong passion for answering complex business questions using structured problem solving and rigorous data analysis.

Familiarity with analytical tools such as SAS, R, Matlab, or STATA or scripting languages such as Python, Perl, or PHP.

Familiarity with relational databases and SQL and experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools such as Hadoop, Map/Reduce, Hive, etc.

Familiarity with visualization tools such as Tableau or Spotfire.

Work Hours:

Ability to work a flexible schedule based on department and company needs.

This job description is not all inclusive. In addition, Macy's, Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy’s, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment.
