Job Overview:

As part of the Strategy, Analytics, and Innovation group, the Data Scientist will develop innovative analytical approaches to merchandising, supply chain, customer, and pricing strategies. The Data Scientist will create practical methods to forecast demand, understand customer preferences, simulate business outcomes, and optimize major investments. The Data Scientist will work closely with cross functional groups to enhance analytical capabilities, identify new growth opportunities, and develop persuasive interactive visualizations. Perform other duties as assigned.

Essential Functions:

Answer complex business questions by using appropriate statistical techniques on available data or designing and running experiments to gather data.

Develop novel applications of classification, forecasting, simulation, optimization, and summarization techniques.

Work closely with cross functional teams to encourage best practices for experimental design and data analysis.

Create compelling interactive visualizations and presentations to enhance decision making capabilities throughout the company.

Regular, dependable attendance & punctuality.

Qualifications:

Education/Experience:

Ph.D. required in relevant technical field such as Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, or Economics.

Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools such as Hadoop, Map/Reduce, Hive, etc.

Expert knowledge of analytical tools such as SAS, R, Matlab, or STATA and scripting languages such as Python, Perl, or PHP.

Communication Skills:

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.

Mathematical Skills:

Advanced math abilities including algebra, probability, statistics and strong proficiency with quantitative and analytical approaches.

 Physical Demands:

This position involves regular walking, standing, sitting for extended periods of time, hearing, and talking.

May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching.

May involve close vision, color vision, depth perception, focus adjustment, and viewing computer monitor for extended periods of time.

Involves manual dexterity for using keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.

May involve moving or lifting items under 10 pounds.

Other Skills:

Strong passion for answering complex business questions using structured problem solving and rigorous data analysis.

Familiarity with visualization tools such as Tableau or Spotfire.

Familiarity with relational databases and SQL.

Work Hours:

Ability to work a flexible schedule based on department and company needs.

This job description is not all inclusive. Macy’s Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy's Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment.
