Our world needs ideas! As one of the world’s most research-intensive chemical companies, we have been developing leading solutions for numerous sectors – from construction to photovoltaics and cosmetics to rubber – for over 100 years. We have a global presence with production sites on three continents and 14,500 employees from 70 nations.

At our location in Ann Arbor, MI we are currently looking for a Data Scientist II who can:

Support our Product, Sales, Marketing, Supply Chain and Leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing company data.

Be adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for products and process optimization and using Machine Learning models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action.

Provide strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing ML /AI models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations.

Exhibit proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights.

Your Tasks Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.

Design statistical and machine learning models for getting desired insights out of the data that is being collected.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, Supply Chain Management and other business outcomes.

Assess and improve the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Your Profile EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, or related field.

Masters in Computer Science or related field, is preferred.

Minimum 5 years of Data Science experience, with at least 2 years working in a manufacturing environment.

Experience with advanced statistical methods, predictive analytics and machine-learning techniques are required.

Experience in enterprise database environment and using query / scripting languages are required.

Experience in analyzing structured and unstructured data.

Analytical algorithms - Customer Insights, Predictive Analytics, Text Mining and Segmentation, Data Visualization.

Proficiency with at least one scripting and one programming language, e.g. R, Python,

Communication, collaboration and Teamwork skills. High-level of presentation skills to Executive Management.

Experience in Big Data landscape, manufacturing industry and new technology trends is preferred.

Familiarity with Data Architecture and platforms.

LI-LG1

Sustainability is one of WACKER’s corporate goals – also as an employer.We want you to remain productive, healthy and successful long term. Thatis why we offer, for example, comprehensive health management and a variety of advanced training programs and courses for individual development opportunities, alongside a good work-life balance. Naturally, we also have a fair compensation system and above-average social benefits. After all, social responsibility has a long tradition at WACKER.Be part of a family. Across all nations.
