Immediate need for a talented Data Scientist with experience in the Telecom Industry. This is a 06+ Months contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in New York, NY. Please review the job description below. Job ID: 19-35710 Key Responsibilities and Technology Experience: Responsible for gathering and assessing business information needs and preparing system requirements. Performs analyses, development and evaluation of data mining in a data warehouse environment which includes data design, database architecture, Meta data and repository creation. Uses data mining and data analysis tools. Reviews and validates data loaded into the data warehouse for accuracy Interacts with user community to produce reporting requirements. Provides technical consulting to users of the various data warehouses and advises users on conflicts and inappropriate data usage. Responsible for prototyping solutions, preparing test scripts, and conducting tests and for data replication, extraction, loading, cleansing, and data modeling for data warehouses. Maintains knowledge of software tools, languages, scripts, and shells that effectively support the data warehouse environment in different operating system environments. Makes recommendations towards the development of new code or reuse of existing code. Responsibilities may also include participation in component and data architecture design, performance monitoring, product evaluation and buy versus build recommendations. Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Or equivalent work experience. Typically has 3 - 5 years of IT work experience in business intelligence tools and systems. Possesses working knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS) and data warehouse front-end tools. Must have an extensive knowledge of data warehouse and data mart concepts. Experience in systems analysis, design and a solid understanding of development, quality assurance and integration methodologies. Typically has 3+ years of programming/systems analysis experience. Our client is a leading Telecom Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration.
