Overview

Dovel Technologies, LLC provides leading edge software and application development services specializing in mission driven solutions that address complex business processes and technology challenges. We practice CMMI ML3 processes and delivery solutions and are an innovative mission oriented technology company focused on complex business and technical challenges, ensuring solutions support the achievement of your mission. Our team creates software solutions that help customers communicate, access, and store mission critical information. Dovel is instrumental in the design and implementation of some of the most mission critical and innovative systems in government today.

Dovel is currently looking for a Senior Vice President, Chief Data Scientist to join our team!

Responsibilities

Primarily concerned with overall organizational strategy and structure, research & development, management, and operations of the organization. Identifies growth options with recommendations for market and pipeline development. Provides objective advice, expertise and specialized skills as part of leadership team with the aim of creating value, maximizing growth or improving the business performance for clients. Is instrumental in attracting/obtaining major new business through organic growth or acquisition.

Provides overall leadership for corporate investment in and directs strategic research and development efforts. Works with leadership team in long-range planning concerning new or projected areas of technological research and development, health informatics, imaging, and public health. This includes leading teams in the development of innovative solutions and methodologic research to guide current and prospective clients from current process and procedures, thru critical analyses that selectively shed practices / technologies that are no longer effective, to new breakthroughs for improving client business.

Recognized industry authority with advanced technical insight and experience in providing professional services in computer science, public health, and health informatics. Complexity of work is state of the art and new to the company and to the industry. Develops blogs, presents at technical conferences and meetings, and represents the company as an authority in specific technical areas to enhance company brand, profile, and reputation as a thought leader.

Designs complex approaches, applications, or solutions involving multiple products and environments.

Serves as senior-level billable consultant and support specialist when needed. Prepares monthly status reports on project activities and issues. Discusses and sells consulting services, discusses project planning and issues with customers. Conducts periodic status checks with customers and team to determine objectives, key results, and progress.

Qualifications

B.S with 20+ years of experience or a M.S. with 18+ years of experience, or a Ph.D. with 14 years of experience.

At least 10 years of progressively responsible management positions.

Dovel Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled
