Requisition Number: PRN21154B FLSA Code: Computer Employee Patient Sensitive Job Code? No Standard Hours per Week: 40 Full Time or Part Time?: Full Time Shift: Day VP Area: U of U Health - Academics Department: 00728 - U of U Medical Group Location: Campus City: Salt Lake City, UT Pay Rate Range: 75,900-130,049 Open Until Filled: Yes Job Summary As a Data Scientist on the Medical Group Analytics team, the individual must be a diligent problem solver with a strong technical aptitude. They want to leverage these technical talents to help solve big health care problems in new and innovate ways. Must be a team player with strong presentation and communications skills. Ability to interprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex modeling. Acuity to translate big, complex data analysis into simple, user-friendly mediums that are easily digest able - from health system executives to front -line clinicians. Ensures data quality and provides guidance to best practices. The Data Scientist will have direct reporting responsibility to the Director, Analytics within the University of Utah Health Medical Group. In order to be considered a Data Scientist, the individual must be an expert within Analytical Thinking, Data Management, Technology Literacy, Strategic Thinking, Analytical Product Management, and Leadership. Strategic Thinking includes the ability to... scale up customer request to address institutional challenges and opportunities support and recommend value initiatives to drive health system change generate modeling and use insights to drive change with teams across the health system teams effectively drive through professional differences and data assumptions to ensure productive outcomes, ensure data integrity in the face of controversial findings, and understand where one's data has limitations. Analytical Thinking includes the ability to... independently incorporate payment model impacts into analyses to form recommendations (e.g. Medicaid patient populations are uniquely impacted in a clinical operational issue) understand how the design and adoption of an EHR workflow impact data validity engage various providers around business problems and articulate solution impacts across provider types work across various teams to create new data assets (e.g. Behavioral Health Service Line Grouper) that support clinical decision-making institution wide Data Management includes the ability to... extract data from unstructured data source (text mining). Integrate multiple data sources and utilize variety of methods to cleanse and enrich the data proactively identify new opportunities to create standardized data sources for self-service and broad use. Participate in peer reviews of both code and result sets independently articulate needs for data governance and propose structure provide a detailed specification and SQL that could be used to create a table in EDW Technology Literacy includes the ability to... evaluate a wide variety of tools to determine their usability in a particular setting or context create secure procedures to prevent inappropriate access or use leverage more than 1 tool (i.e. SQL and R or Tableau or excel) to complete daily requests and projects create larger automated tools or system-wide applications (R shiny, python apps, complex excel analyses) that improve operational efficiency implement advanced analytic capabilities at the point of care ( EHR ) Analytical Product Management includes the ability to... independently engage with external dependencies to improve product performance corral around effort tracking to then have enough team data on projects and resource types to be able to reliably forecast when we can start on and confidently complete a project; resource modeling. independently develop recommendations for project expansion to meet larger organizational need recommend and implement external change control process for customers and key stakeholders independently predict and articulate future iterations that drive towards a previously unmet/unspoken organizational need (e.g. incorporating System Growth Measure into Access Dashboard) Leadership includes the ability to... lead internal change management processes to improve team performance and sustainability independently engage teams in goal setting exercises and/or facilitate new competency discussions identify new partnerships, gain buy-in, and rally multiple teams to achieve project goals mediate conflicts between customers and team members and settle differences to find common ground between individuals and teams rally health system leaders and facilitate discussions to drive change across the organization independently construct and lead teams through multiple project sprint cycles by analyzing strengths, opportunity to deliver project results Other preferred competencies Healthcare includes the ability to... articulate impacts of different payment models across a health system (e.g. Medicaid patient populations on Primary Care diagram a clinical EHR workflow using Visio or similar identify different provider types and roles to understand how operational workflows and reporting could impact EHR workflows and data identify key stakeholders and data structures to tailor analyses Other Preferred Competencies Healthcare Domain Knowledge Speaks fluently with healthcare vocabulary, healthcare policy issues, common abbreviations, and organizational mission Leads process mapping of operational workflows Develops collaborative relationships across care and business roles and engages appropriate care providers to understand business workflow Able to identify the most knowledgeable care providers to understand business workflow and communicate to others Data Visualization Communicates findings effectively, both visually and in plain language as to make them useful to non-analytic stakeholders Technical Skills Proficient with standard office productivity tools, such as MS Office Advanced knowledge of ETL processes Proficient with SQL Familiarity with analytical scripting language (Python, R, Java etc.) preferred Responsibilities Uses analytical capabilities to synthesize unstructured, disjointed information into meaningful, compelling narratives that facilitate development and refinement of health system strategy. Generates a wide variety of approaches to solving problems while both tolerating ambiguity and embracing failure as a learning opportunity. Ability to interprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex modeling. Performs data profiling and characterization techniques and can quantify data quality to describe confidence in analytic results. Acuity to translate big, complex data analysis into simple, user-friendly mediums that are easily digest able - from health system executives to front -line clinicians Work Environment and Level of Frequency typically required Nearly Continuously: Office environment. Physical Requirements and Level of Frequency that may be required Nearly Continuously: Sitting, hearing, listening, talking. Often: Repetitive hand motion (such as typing), walking. Seldom: Bending, reaching overhead. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's Degree and 6-8 years of related experience in the field or related area is required. This position has no responsibility for providing care to patients. Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description. Preferences Bachelor's Degree and 6-8 years of related experience in the field or related area is required. Type: Benefited Staff Special Instructions Summary Please note: This is a Category H benefited position. For further details please visit https://www.hr.utah.edu/benefits/planH_SOM.php or https://www.hr.utah.edu/benefits/retire_HPP.php Additional Information The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, University of Utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran's status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Veterans' preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. To inquire about this posting, email: employment@utah.edu or call 801-581-2300. Reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities. To request an accommodation or for further information about University AA/EO policies, please contact the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, 201 S. Presidents Cr., Rm 135, (801) 581-8365 (V/ TDD ), email: oeo@umail.utah.edu. The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). Eligible new hires with prior URS service, may elect to enroll in URS if they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at (801) 581-7447 for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS are subject to URS' post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules. This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.
