As a Data Scientist with NCS, you will play a high-impact role in the quality assurance team by designing, leading and publishing Intraoperative Monitoring related research projects. You will also support NCS databases, which will include cross-functional collaboration with Clinical Affairs and IT. This is a tremendous opportunity to support NuVasive’s goal of driving the field of IONM forward through research.

Streamline existing databases utilized by NCS

Design, coordinate and complete research projects

Complete projects pertaining to diagnostic accuracy – sensitivity and specificity, predictive values of different surgeries, surgeons, clinical staff, etc.

Deliver impactful clinical and non-clinical insights pertaining to IONM to business leaders across the organization

Complete projects of diverse scope regarding safety and quality metrics that impact NCS business from a clinical and/or operational standpoint

Plan for future versions/iterations of any databases used by NCS

Collaborate with Clinical Affairs & IT to select tools/API

Responsible for learning NuVasive products and services

Basic Qualifications

Bachelors Degree

Academic and/or professional background in statistics and publishing

3+ year experience in academic or professional data analysis and/or outcome research

Preferred Qualifications

Master’s degree in statistics and/or data science

Knowledge of neurophysiology and/or neuroscience

3+ years of professional experience as a data scientist in healthcare

NuVasive is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. The “EEO is the Law” poster options are available here. NuVasive's EEO policy is available here.

About NuVasive

NuVasive, Inc. (NASDAQ: NUVA) is the leader in spine technology innovation, focused on transforming spine surgery and beyond with minimally disruptive, procedurally integrated solutions designed to deliver reproducible and clinically-proven surgical outcomes. The Company's portfolio includes access instruments, implantable hardware, biologics, software systems for surgical planning, navigation and imaging solutions, magnetically adjustable implant systems for spine and orthopedics, and intraoperative monitoring service offerings. With more than $1 billion in revenues, NuVasive has approximately 2,600 employees and operates in more than 50 countries serving surgeons, hospitals and patients. For more information, please visit www.nuvasive.com.
