Job Description

Description

SAIC is seeking candidates to support the United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) Special Operations Forces (SOF) Enterprise Data Science Team (DST). The SOF DST team will support the Special Operations Command, Research, Analysis, and Threat Evaluation System (SOCRATES) Program of Record within the SOF Acquisition Technology and Logistics (AT&L) Program Executive Officer (PEO) – Command, Control, Commination, and Computes (C4). The DST team will primarily focus on supporting ongoing data analytics efforts within the J2 (Intelligence) and J8 (Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment) Directorates. In addition, the DST team will also engage with the USSOCOM Chief Data Officer (CDO) Knowledge Management (KM) team and the USSOCOM J6/Chief Information Officer (CIO) via the respective Technical Contracting Officer Representatives (TCORs) from the J8 and J2. DST personnel/analysts will vary in skill sets ranging from a Data Scientists to Data Integrators and will provide advanced analytical knowledge of data; be capable of conducting big data analysis; data conditioning; programming advanced computing; developing algorithms, developing software and data models; executing predictive analytics; and utilizing visualization tools to take advantage of the growing volume of available information.

Job Description: Formulate and take part in guided, multifaceted analytic studies against large volumes of data. Data Scientists will perform the following:

Interpret and analyze data using exploratory mathematic and statistical techniques based on the scientific method.

Coordinate research and analytic activities utilizing various data points (unstructured and structured) and employ programming to clean, massage, and organize the data

Experiment against data points, provide information based on experiment results and provide previously undiscovered solutions to command data challenges.

Lead all data experiments tasked by the DST Team OIC

Coordinate with Data Engineers to build Data environments providing data identified by Data Analysts, Data Integrators, Knowledge Managers, and Intel Analysts.

Qualifications

Master’s degree or Bachelors degree in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, or related fields. Proficient with one or more programming languages (Java, C++, Python, R, etc.).

Bachelors and fourteen (14) years or more experience; Masters and twelve (12) years or more experience; PhD or JD and nine (9) years or more experience.

Demonstrated experience applying data science methods to real-world data problems.

Current DoD Top Secret clearance and eligible for SCI access and ACCM read-on.

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
