Senior Data Scientist

Harman Connected Services is seeking a talented and motivated Data Scientist for predictive analytics. You will be responsible for translating complex analytical concepts into actionable results for our clients.

 As a Data Scientist on the Predictive Analytics team, you will work with a world-class multidisciplinary team to deploy scalable predictive reasoning and data mining algorithms, as well as extract / transform Big Data.

Provide technical expertise and business consultative skills to address supervised and unsupervised learning problems in an applied automotive analytics environment.

You will be involved in the development and execution of all data management functions and statistical analysis relating to client specific projects. You will also be directly responsible for preparing, analyzing and generating effective project results in an efficient and errorless manner using classical statistical techniques as well as advanced tools, delivered on time and on budget.

Primary Responsibilities:

Provide data/report support for complex data mining projects.

Conceptualize problems, apply appropriate theory, explore approaches, simulate, and implement with minimal supervision.

Define data needs, evaluate data quality, and extract/transform data for analytic projects and research.

Leverage R, Python, SQL, & Excel to dig into data to extract meaning from information. Interface closely with Marketing Systems and Operations to understand/define requirements, domain knowledge/models, and data needs.

Interface closely with Marketing, Product Management, Development and Operations to understand/define requirements, domain knowledge/models, and data needs.

Produce appropriate and effective project deliverables including: sample diagnostics, customer profiles, complex queries, data mining, model algorithms, charts, modelscore distributions, etc., with some supervision and zero defect.

Demonstrate a strong understanding of project scope, data extraction methodology, design of dependent and profile variables, logic and design of data cleaning, exploratory data analysis and statistical methods.

Produce timely and error-free deliverables in an efficient manner, managing multiple tasks and varying project scopes.

Education/Experience

Advanced Degree in MS Mathematics, Statistics or MBA preferred.

Experience working with large volumes of data, preferably in auto, healthcare, retail or e-commerce industry

Must have 5+ years’ experience in Predictive Modeling & Data Mining; Competitive/Customer Intelligence; Statistical Model Development; Analytics (Predictive Analytics); Big Data; and High-Performance Computing

Minimum 3 years of experience in IT industry with a focus on Statistics or Analytics

Strong Python, and R skills. Scala is a plus.

Preferred disciplines of study include Economics/Econometrics, Statistics, Management Sciences, Decision Sciences, or Mathematics.

Must be able to identify data relationships, trends, and anomalies.

Good to have - experience with BI tools like Tableau or PowerBI.

Communication

Strong written and verbal communication skills.

Ability to interpret and articulate analytical results

Related Knowledge Base:

Ability to show value of analytics within business processes

Regression (linear, logistic, multinomial, censored)

Test Design/Design of Experiments

Segmentation and clustering

Decision tree analysis
