The Data Scientist Role

You will support development efforts in the AI domain which includes machine learning (ML), optical character recognition (OCR), and natural language processing (NLP). You will implement the research teams efforts in a diverse set of challenges as we rapidly prototype and build new products. You will interact with product and engineering teams to implement solutions for customer facing software products. We will provide you with any equipment that you need.

Responsibilities:

Translate product ideas into well-posed data science challenges, and solve them

Design and deploy Machine Learning (ML) systems using supervised, unsupervised learning, NLP, and NLU

Participate in the broader ML community to stay current with the latest techniques and software

Good knowledge of image processing and computer vision techniques is required

Flexibility to travel to clients throughout North America

Qualifications:

Competencies typically acquired through a masters or bachelor’s degree program in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or a related field – especially an understanding of statistics, linear algebra, and mathematical analysis.

3-5 years of relevant work experience in the area of machine learning and/or deep learning, including experience manipulating and analyzing unstructured data sets.

A strong programming background – preferably with Python, but also Java, C++, or similar language – along with knowledge of standard machine learning libraries (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2, SciKit-Learn, etc.).

A proven track record of rapid prototyping and development, leveraging open source or commercial frameworks.

Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with significant uncertainty.

Possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a positive mindset and attitude.

Excellent oral communication skills are necessary

Flexibility

Ability to travel to Boston to work with the team and client. Travel will be paid for by NeuroSoph.

Ability to engage in research and drive to become a lead AI research scientist.
