Job Description

Description

SAIC is seeking a rock-star senior data scientist with a strong background in experimental design and statistical modeling. The candidate will join the dynamic team of the Identity and Data Sciences Laboratory (IDSL). The IDSL works with state of the art technologies including facial recognition and AI and measures their performance and applicability to new customer use cases. The IDSL has a cutting-edge infrastructure for gathering and processing multi-modal data in real-time from large-scale experiments from our test facility (Maryland Test Facility; http://mdtf.org) as well as from external data sources. Our scientists regularly publish technical papers and enjoy great work-life balance and an environment that promotes learning and exploration.

The senior data scientist will:

 Design experiments, test hypotheses, and build models for advanced data analysis.

 Exercise strong analytical judgement in framing the problem and selecting the right tools, while avoiding unnecessary complexity.

 Be prepared to explain analytical approach and be directly accountable for accuracy of statistical methods and results.

 Develop data visualizations, dashboards, and reports to explain your results to a wide audience.

 Work on multiple projects simultaneously, balancing short and long-term tasks.

 Serve as the statistical resource for scientists and domain experts on the team.

 Stay abreast of new developments in statistical methods and procedures used in top journals; stay current with the newest versions statistical software packages.

 Contribute to writing customer reports and technical whitepapers.

This position is based in Upper Marlboro, MD. Up to 10% travel is expected within the continental US.

Qualifications

Requirements:

1. BS or MS degree in a quantitative field (e.g.: statistics, economics, computer science).

2. Prior experience with data modeling.

3. Skilled in SQL, R, Python, and/or statistical methods to analyze experimental data.

4. Excellent presentation and verbal communication skills.

5. Highly organized problem solver.

6. Demonstrated self-direction, with desire both to learn new techniques and teach others.

7. US Citizenship.

Desired:

1. MS or PhD in a quantitative field (e.g.: statistics, economics, computer science).

2. Experience with visualization tools such as ggplot2, shiny, or Tableau.

3. Familiarity with version control systems such as Git/GitHub.

4. Familiarity with LaTeX and publishing analytical reports to academic journals.

5. Experience working in a research environment.

6. Experience with real-time data processing.

Desired Qualifications

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
