Job Description

You are an engineer who has domain knowledge or an interest in networking, Big Data, machine learning and cybersecurity You are ready for an exciting opportunity working hands on with the world’s most cutting-edge cybersecurity technologies and thrive in a super dynamic environment where you are being counted on to help to defend Visa from the most advanced cyber threats. You are looking to innovate the next generation of cybersecurity technology with Petabytes of data.

You will leverage cutting-edge technologies to perform statistical profiling, inference, classification, clustering and predictive analysis. As a key member of the technical team, you will translate cyber and network security related requirements into simple or sophisticated models to help derive new insights to defend against cyber-attacks. You will be working with a large variety of data sets, cutting-edge security technologies, and world-class operation teams to create awesome analyses.

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications

10 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or at least 8 years of work experience with an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters/MBA/JD/MD) or at least 3 years of work experience with a PhD

Preferred Qualifications

PhD in a data related field such as computer science and mathematics

Prior experience and knowledge with cyber-security

5+ years experience in developing analytical solutions/products

Extensive knowledge and experience with statistical and machine learning techniques.

Experience with data science model implementation on Hadoop and Spark.

Exceptional coding skills and experience with Python and Scala for data analysis.

Extensive working knowledge with data wrangling skills (e.g., SQL, Python, Perl).

Experience with Linux command line and bash scripting

Familiar with enterprise network and technologies

Additional Information

Essential Functions

Serve as a lead data scientist leading and supporting various analytical initiatives

Research and prototype new machine learning techniques to enhance Visa’s ability to identify and respond to threats.

Work with domain experts, engineers, and other data scientists to develop, implement, and improve analytical models and usecases.

Lead the usecase development for internal analytical products.

Provide technical guidance and mentoring to junior team members

Physical Requirements

This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers, reach with hands and arms, and bend or lift up to 25 pounds.

Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.
