Job Description

Description

Would you like helping NASA connect with their huge volume of structured and unstructured data? Are you interested in joining a smart, innovative team in an exploratory and fun environment? Do you enjoy coding, but also like working with engineers to solve their business problems? Do you thrive on the challenge and variety that comes with of rapid and agile projects across multiple customers? Do you have a strong willingness to learn?

NASA Knowledge Management Profile

NASA's Knowledge Management suit powers the Information-Driven environment.

NASA realizes that being data-driven isn't enough, but to continue to explore new frontiers they must capitalize on the value buried away in the huge volume of their unstructured information (text) in addition to structured data.

NASA's Knowledge Management suit enables information-driven operations by providing a Cognitive Search and Analytics platform that brings together all enterprise information assets and intelligently serves up the most pertinent information and insights regardless of content, source system, or format. We do this through a state-of-the-art engine that applies natural language processing, machine learning, and data modeling to make sense of the vast and rapidly growing content in NASA and external to NASA.

Your role:

The Solution Engineer Intern will become a technical expert in NASA's Knowledge Management software focused on implementing the platform and executing rapid and agile projects that delivers advanced knowledge management capability tuned for each of NASA's community of practice.

They will be comfortable with code, complex data sources, and technical nuances of software and hardware. Solution Engineers Interns will help customize agile projects to meet specific requirements, such as custom data visuals or connection to novel data sources and formats.

The Intern will receive training on NASA's Sinequa, Alteryx, and Tableau software platform, advanced technology (Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Data Modeling) and tools (Spark, TensorFlow).

Your responsibilities:

Deliver on the technical requirements and success criteria for PoCs by working with the customer and with Sinequa, Alteryx, and Tableau's Sales Engineers to understand the customer's needs

Give presentations and answer detailed questions on the technical aspects of Sinequa, Alteryx, and Tableau - architecture, operation, and capabilities

Plan and help coordinate staff efforts, coach Solution Engineers, define best practices and promote knowledge sharing to grow the team's ability

Configure the Sinequa, Alteryx, or Tableau software to connect to data sources, index and analyze documents, optimize searches, visualize data and tailor the user interface to best represent the results for each unique type of NASA user.

Qualifications

Required Education & Experience

AA Degree in related discipline; Or, High School and up to two (2) years of related experience with certification.

Experience with web application development and technologies (such as HTML, CSS, Javascript) and programming with a modern language (such as .NET, C#, Java)

Experience in using/developing complex enterprise platforms and applications

Deep understanding of the Microsoft Windows operating system and high proficiency in Microsoft Office tools

Experience working in technical areas including structured data, analytics, SQL

Pursuing Bachelor's degree in a technical field (CS/IS/IT, engineering)

Bonus points for:

Pursuing Master's degree in a technical field (CS/IS/IT, engineering)

Experience in designing software UI and UX focused on user needs and business use cases

Experience with search and search platforms

Experience with analytics, business intelligence, or data science

Clearance Requirement

Must be able to pass the security screen at NASA and obtain a NASA badge.

Desired Qualifications

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
