Job Description

Description

Job Description

The Agency is interested in IT Modernization efforts and Re-skilling and Workforce Transformation. Re-skill and up-skill employees impacted by IT modernization efforts, evolve workforce to more 21st Century skill sets and work practices, and enable the workforce to drive successful IT Modernization efforts going forward utilizing in-house talent.

Leads the execution of all system enhancement and support activities. Works in cross-functional teams with data at all stages of the analysis lifecycle. Provides full data lifecycle tracking, content governance and reference data management. Expert in activity and data modeling, transaction/workflow analysis, internal control and risk analysis and modern business methods, and performance measurement techniques. Provides technical direction to personnel performing systems analysis and system/ subsystem development tasks. Determines the appropriate analytics based on the data and the desired outcomes, using techniques including feature detection, statistics, data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, natural language processing, and business intelligence. Familiar with data wrangling, analytics, visualization software and programming languages, including analytics methods for big data. Coordinates and performs logical and physical systems design. Reviews all major systems enhancement project requests and coordinates schedules and related activities. Prepares activity and progress reports regarding all system enhancements and support provided. Develops task management plans, determines resource needs, and ensures technical performance of products/services are within cost and schedule. Reviews and prepares system documents and specifications. Prepares reports, studies, and documentation, delivers presentations, and participates in meetings. Participate in regular communication with government program management team to resolve operational issues, review priorities, set direction. Responsible for providing highest level of IT domain expertise and guidance to the delivery team and stakeholders.

JOB DESCRIPTION: Works in cross-functional teams with data at all stages of the analysis lifecycle to derive actionable insight. Translates mission needs into an end-to-end analytical approach to achieve results. Performs the pre-analytics areas of data collection and understanding, data cleansing and integration, and data storage and retrieval. Determines the appropriate analytics based on the data and the desired outcomes, using techniques including feature detection, statistics, data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, natural language processing, and business intelligence. Interprets the validity of results and communicates the meaning of those results. Has familiarity with data wrangling, analytics, and visualization software and programming languages, including analytics methods for big data. Follows a scientific approach to generate value from data, verifying results at each step. Applies extensive technical expertise and has full knowledge of other related disciplines. Receives assignments in the form of objectives and establishes goals to meet objectives. Provides guidance to subordinates to achieve goals in accordance with established policies. Work is reviewed and measured based on meeting objectives and schedules. Establishes and recommends changes to policies which affect subordinate organization(s). PROBLEM COMPLEXITY: Develops technical solutions to complex problems which require the regular use of ingenuity and creativity. FREEDOM TO ACT: Work is performed without appreciable direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining technical objectives of assignment. Completed work is reviewed from a relatively long-term perspective for desired results. Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. IMPACT: Guides the succesful completion of major programs. Erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically result in failure to achieve major organizational objectives. LIASON: Represents organization as prime technical contact on contracts and projects. Interacts with senior external personnel on significant technical matters often requiring coordination between organizations.

Qualifications

Education and Experience

Bachelor’s degree and ten (10) years of experience or Master’s degree and eight (8) years of experience in in Data Mining, predictive analysis, and/or machine learning.

Required Skills

At least 5 years of experience leading a team.

Experience with visualization software and programming languages.

Experience with data wrangling and analytics methods for big data.

Experience developing and evaluating different machine learning models based on accuracy, precision & recall metrics.

Experience in natural language processing (NLP).

Experience working with cloud platform like AWS or Azure.

Experience working with SQL on relational databases like MySQL & Postgres.

Knowledge of working with markup languages like HTML or XML.

Knowledge of Java, Groovy or any other scripting language.

Experience with Web Services integration using REST APIs.

Highly effective stakeholder communication skills.

Excellent analytical skills, problem solving and troubleshooting ability.

Excellent writing skills and ability to communicate effectively.

Ability to analyze, model and interpret data.

Clearance Requirement

Must be a US Citizen with ability to obtain Public Trust

Desired Qualifications

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
