Overview

IMPAQ International, a growing and dynamic social science research firm, provides high-quality research and impact evaluation services, policy analysis, survey research, technology solutions, organizational development, technical assistance and consulting services to U.S. and international government agencies, foundations, and the private sector. IMPAQ’s mission is to bring together exceptional people to develop innovative and rigorous approaches to evaluate the real-world impact of social policies and programs. IMPAQ offers five locations: our Corporate Headquarters in Columbia, Maryland, rated one of America’s Best Small Cities; Downtown Washington, D.C., Boston, Massachusetts, Seattle, Washington and a Bay Area office in Oakland, California. IMPAQ has a diverse and collegial work environment and is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer (M/F/Disability/Veterans).

The Data Scientist will be a member of the Health Insurance Access and Value-Based Care Division and will primarily support health-focused projects. The ideal candidate will demonstrate strong problem-solving skills and experience in quantitative data analysis, including statistical analysis, modeling, producing data visualizations, and translating of data analysis to report writing, presentations, and actionable recommendations for policymakers. The candidate should have a strong working knowledge of the requirements and operations of current health care policy priorities, including the Affordable Care Act (ACA), value-based care models, and health care quality initiatives. Ideally, the candidate will have experience with the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act (MACRA) and the Quality Payment Program (QPP).

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the U.S. on a full-time basis. Employment-based visa sponsorship (including H-1B sponsorship) is not available for this position.

Responsibilities

Extracting, collecting, cleaning, analyzing, statistical modeling, and reporting using large and unstructured datasets.

Developing algorithms to solve complex problems.

Modeling the potential impacts of proposed policies related to value-based care.

Communicating data through visualizations, stories, and high-level summaries that offer actionable insights.

Developing rigorous quality assurance approaches to validate methodological approach and results.

Managing client-facing projects and client relationships.

Developing project work plans, and manage the execution of these work plans, including communicating technical and budget risks to project leadership.

Qualifications

Education, Knowledge and Experience

Master’s Degree in a relevant field, such as Mathematics, Statistics, or Economics; PhD preferred.

5+ years of relevant experience.

Experience collecting, cleaning, analyzing, statistical modeling, and reporting using large and unstructured datasets.

Experience using Medicare administrative claims data in the Integrated Data Repository.

Familiarity with CMS, the ACA, and Medicare-specific value-based care policy and programs.

Familiarity with MACRA and the QPP.

Familiarity with Medicare payment policy and Medicare program structure and operations.

Familiarity with data visualization techniques, such as infographics and dashboards.

Familiarity with machine learning, text analytics, and/or predictive modeling.

Skills

Proficiency in using SQL, SAS, R, and/or Python to extract, collect, clean, analyze, manage and report data required.

Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.

Excellent ability to communicate complex technical material, both orally and in writing.

Self-motivation to identify opportunities to drive value and take the initiative to lead solutions.

Ability to analyze and synthesize findings to develop valuable insights and strategic recommendations for the client.

Ability to think creatively and work on teams to develop innovative ideas for new and existing clients.

Ability to exercise strong attention to detail, problem solving, and organizational skills. Includes the ability to produce consistent, high-quality deliverables while meeting tight deadlines.

Excellent people skills with a customer service-oriented approach, and a focus on building relationships with the client and project team.

Ability to work independently as well as with a team in a fast-paced environment. Includes the ability to be flexible to meet project priorities.
