What you’ll be doing...

We are seeking a Senior Data Scientist to perform data analytics and build AI/ML analytics models for devices and wireless networks to improve device performance, quality, user quality of experience, and quality of service. Looking for candidate who has experience in creating AI/ML models using CNN/DNN, NLP, etc. with strong knowledge in telecom standards. The candidate will perform following tasks as part of the role

You will develop and deploy quantitative solutions with big data, statistical analyses, machine learning, deep learning, optimization, and related analytical techniques to solve complex telecom related performance modeling.

In addition, this role will work closely with project managers and cross-functional business leaders to formulate data science problems, source relevant data, and communicate recommendations and results to technical and non-technical stakeholders.

Work on large data science engineering efforts that solve significantly complex problems in area of autonomous vehicles, Robotics leveraging advanced analytics methodologies

Apply deep knowledge of machine learning and artificial intelligence to concrete problems and provide predictive and prescriptive insights that is actionable

Implement end-to-end data science solutions, including retrieving, cleansing and preparing large datasets, training and evaluating models and deploying them in production where we continuously monitor and evaluate performance.

Work as a data scientist, support our core business targets set by the upper management, and contribute to analytics initiatives across various business units

Experience in strategic projects and change management, ability to manage multiple projects.

Candidate should be an out of box thinker who possess creativity, problem solving skills and solution provider. The candidate will drive the discussion with stakeholders from cross-functional teams and communicate clearly to the team on the requirements and solutions. Need to be team player with can do attitude.

What we’re looking for...

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Even better if you have:

Master or PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Statistics, or related field.

Strong analytical capabilities, creativity and critical thinking.

Good knowledge in wireless communication, including experience with handset manufacturers, network equipment vendors, and/or chipset vendors.

Good communication skills.

Eight or more years experience in Wireless industry.

Five or more years machine learning experience in professional role.

Five or more years experience with Python, Java Scripts, Spark, Hadoop, MySQL.

Ability to have records of papers published in wireless analytics space in IEEE or other effective journals.

Strong machine learning algorithms including: forecasting, clustering, classification, reinforcement learning, deep learning etc.

Experience in Data extraction/transformation/loading, text mining, statistical analysis.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.
