ICX Media is seeking a Data Scientist, please see below qualifications. At ICX Media you will enjoy:

Dedicated and knowledgeable peers

Working with cutting-edge technology

Interactive learning environment

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:

Create and implement repeatable solutions in Advanced Analytics, Cognitive Computing and Machine Learning;

Using Data, Math, Stats and Machine learning for detection and estimation of useful features from raw digital data and derive key insights across projects.

Find meaning in multiple imperfect, mixed, varied, and inconsistent data sets;

Using NLP (Natural language processing) to process data in human language form.

Analyze data from social marketing, distribution and monetization sites;

Mining, analysis, visualization and modelling of video, post and consumer data from social media platforms.

Build models from their analysis of the data ingestion engine to solve issues related to, but not limited:

_ Profile linking

_ Audience Recognition

_ Audience Building

_ Content Matching

_ Creator Rankings

_ Sentiment Recommendation

_ Tag Insights

Researching, building and developing statistical machine learning models and recommendation systems

Developing creator, content and consumer graphs and networks for analysis

Write syntax that translate models into programmatic algorithms;

Prototyping and developing algorithms for data science product solutions using apache spark and python.

Collaborate and build with Software Engineers to allow the ICX Media application to leverage the algorithm;

Collaborating with product management and engineering department to understand company needs and devise possible solutions.

Build programs that help drive toward ICX Media's mission to empower creators

Processing, analyzing and building analytical and predictive classification models on data related to audio, speech, video, image, text and number values.

EXPERIENCE OR QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:

Knowledge of, and academic or employment experience with, audio signal processing and machine intelligence (such as computer speech processing).

Academic or employment experience with data collection and analysis of content across various social media platforms, including utilizing the following skills:

Data Crawling;

Data cleaning Techniques;

Graphs and Networks;

Building Machine Learning Regression Models;

Collaborative Filtering;

Knowledge of social media data;

Data analysis.

Telecommuting permitted.

EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:

Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or a closely related field.

To apply for this position, please forward your resume and cover letter by email to career@icxmedia.com. No telephone calls, please.

Please reference the position you’re applying for in the subject.

ICX Media, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.
