Duties

Summary

This position is designed as a Senior Level. USDA structures its Senior Position levels with a salary range of $127,914- $192,300 per year. Exceptions to the salary cap may be considered in certain circumstances. SL employees are also eligible to receive bonuses and performance-based awards. Visit https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/senior-executive-service/scientific-senior-level-positions/ for additional information and benefits for SL employees.

Responsibilities

Provides authoritative advice to the Assistant Administrator on the application of computer or data scientific issues as well as the transformation and presentation of the information using systems.

Conducts or directs comprehensive data analyses and analytics that require detailed knowledge of food safety and public health issues.

Serves as the liaison with nationally and internationally recognized authorities and organizations whose policies impact the Agency's data infrastructure and analytics and activities in support of food safety and public

Critically reviews and scientifically evaluates new and proposed policies, procedures, regulations, and legislation that impact data analysis and analytics and food safety programs within their realm of expertise.

Collaborates with other Agency officials to ensure that decisions made, and actions taken are fully supported by scientific and credible data and respond to the interests and needs of other programs and organizations.

Travel Required

Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

00

Job family (Series)

1501 General Mathematics And Statistics

1550 Computer Science

Requirements

Requirements

Conditions of Employment

Veterans Preference is not applicable in the Senior Level Service.

Initial appointments are required to serve a 1-year probationary period

Narrative Statements for the TQs must not exceed 2 pages per response.

Background Investigation required.

You must be a US Citizen or US National.

Subject to satisfactory adjudication of background investigation and/or fingerprint check.

Subject to one year managerial probationary period unless prior service is creditable.

Qualifications

YOU MUST UPLOAD YOUR RESPONSES TO THE TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS (TQs).

You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement.

As a basic requirement, applicants must demonstrate progressively responsible leadership experience that is indicative of senior level capability and directly related to the skills and abilities outlined under Mandatory Qualifications. Typically, experience of this nature will have been gained at or above the GS-14/15 grade level in the Federal service or its equivalent with state or local government, the private sector, or nongovernmental organizations. Failure to meet basic qualification requirements and all mandatory qualifications listed automatically disqualifies an applicant.

Applicants must submit a resume. In addition, applicants are required to submit written narratives addressing each of the mandatory technical qualifications (TQs). Narratives should not exceed (2) pages for each TQ. Responses must demonstrate mastery of the TQs and be supported by your resume. Please provide examples that are clear and concise, emphasize your level of responsibility, scope and complexity of programs managed, accomplishments, sensitivity of issues handled, policy initiatives and level of contacts.

Failure to submit a resume and written narratives addressing each TQ separately, will result in elimination from further consideration. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

YOU MUST UPLOAD YOUR RESPONSES TO THE TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS

MANDATORY TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS (TQs): All applicants must submit a written narrative response to the following TQs. You must address each TQ separately. Each TQ narratives must not exceed two (2) pages. Please give examples and explain the complexity of the knowledge possessed and the sensitivity of the issued you handled.

Describe your experience personally designing, conducting, directing, interpreting and visualizing complex analyses, including addressing potential bias, that required a detailed knowledge of food safety or public health.

Describe your experience advising senior officials/decision makers on scientific or big data issues when developing, planning, coordinating and implementing successful, enterprise, advanced analytics initiatives to support food safety or protect public health.

Describe your experience collaborating with other entities/Agencies/Departments to successfully advance or achieve enterprise-level food safety or public health goals and outcomes.

Education

Basic Requirements:

A degree in mathematics, statistics, or actuarial science. The degree must be in a major field of study (at least at the baccalaureate level) that is appropriate for the position.

OR

Combination of education and experience demonstrated by coursework that is equivalent to a major in mathematics, statistics, or actuarial science (at least 24 semester hours), plus appropriate experience or additional education.

Additional information

Consideration for competitive selection for this position is open to all persons within the area of consideration who meet the basic qualifications. Race, color, age, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, political beliefs, religion, marital or family status, disability, and other non-merit factors will not be considered.

1. This position is covered under the post-employment restriction of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (P.L. 95-521). This law also requires the selectee to file an Executive Personnel Financial Disclosure Report (Standard Form 278), within 30 days of appointment.

2. Applications sent in U.S. Government postage-paid envelope and submitted through Federal Agency courier services will not be considered.

3. The 1993 Hatch Act Reform Amendments prohibit oral and written political recommendations for Federal jobs.

4. Male applicants born after December 31, 1959, must be registered with the Selective Service System before they can be employed by an executive agency of the Federal government. This requirement does not apply to Agency employees appointed before November 8, 1985.

5. All application forms are subject to the provisions of the Privacy Act and become the property of USDA. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is an Equal Opportunity Employer. USDA prohibits discrimination in all its programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, age, disability, political beliefs, sexual orientation, and marital or family status. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication or program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Reasonable Accommodation: This agency provides reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify the agency at 202-260-8128. The decision on granting reasonable accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis.

Effective January 1, 2010, OPM must authorize any employment offers we make to current or former (within the last 5 years) political Schedule A, Schedule C, or Non-career SES employees in the executive branch. If you are currently, or have been within the last 5 years, a political Schedule A, Schedule C, or Non-career SES employee in the executive branch, you must disclose that to the Human Resources Office.

How You Will Be Evaluated

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

You will be evaluated for this job based on how well you meet the qualifications above.

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as evidenced by the experience, education, and training you described in your application package, as well as the responses to the Assessment Questionnaire to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities.

Your application, including the online Assessment Questionnaire, will be reviewed to determine if you meet (a) minimum qualification requirements and (b) the resume supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your resume must clearly support your responses to all the questions addressing experience and education relevant to this position. Applicants who meet the minimum qualification requirements and are determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring manager for consideration. Noncompetitive candidates and applicants under some special hiring authorities need to meet minimum qualifications to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or experience, your rating may be lowered to more accurately reflect the submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or omissions may affect your rating. Providing inaccurate information on Federal documents could be grounds for non-selection or disciplinary action up to including removal from the Federal service.

Background checks and security clearance

Security clearance

Secret

Drug test required

Yes

Position sensitivity and risk

Noncritical-Sensitive (NCS)/Moderate Risk

Trust determination process

National security

Required Documents

Required Documents

Your resume should contain information sufficient to make a valid determination that you fully meet the specialized experience requirements as stated in this vacancy announcement. It is recommended that you include the following information:

Attach a copy of your transcript(s) or a separate course listing showing the course title, department, hours earned (quarter or semester), and grade (if applicable). If you have completed any part of your education outside of the U.S., you must submit the evaluation of your foreign education that has been prepared by an accredited organization. The National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES) can provide a list of who can evaluate your foreign education. For additional information, visit DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION.

Full name, mailing address, and day and evening telephone numbers

Educational information, including the name, city and state of colleges or universities you attended, as well as the type and year of any degrees received

Information about your paid and nonpaid work experience related to this position including:

Job title (include series and grade if Federal job)

Duties and accomplishments

Employers name and address

Supervisors name and phone number

Starting and ending dates of employment (month and year)

Salary

Indicate if we may contact your current supervisor

Information about honors, awards, and special accomplishments

If you are relying on your education to meet qualification requirements:

Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications. Therefore, provide only the attendance and/or degrees from schools accredited by accrediting institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.

Failure to provide all of the required information as stated in this vacancy announcement may result in an ineligible rating or may affect the overall rating.

Benefits

Benefits

A career with the U.S. Government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Learn more about federal benefits.

Eligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time, or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.
