We are empowering our clients with meaningful insights and actionable data in order to positively impact peoples’ lives. The insights we gain from our analyses guide our path forward as we support non-profit and public-sector organizations by building prescriptive paths forward for the people they serve. If you are a mission-minded leader wants to make a positive impact on peoples’ lives, this is the opportunity for you to make that difference.

The Data Science team proactively leads and collaborates to identify the most valuable problems to solve, constructs a Roadmap to delivery, and executes our plan. The Lead Data Scientist will build and own the Data Science Roadmap in conjunction with the Product team at Social Solutions. Outputs from the Data Science team models will feed into the Product portfolio, aiding tens of thousands of service providers in their decision-making processes. The Lead Data Scientist will be a player/coach on the team, mentoring and leading analysts while delivering these incredibly valuable outputs across our organization. This role will also have direct involvement with the leadership team at Social Solutions, providing strategic guidance as well as tactical deliverables.

Serving the social impact sector for two decades, Social Solutions provides tools to improve the lives of the people our clients serve, to help the workers who dedicate their lives to delivering these services, and for the funders who make the work possible.

 What You’ll Do

Aid in the development of predictive modeling and machine learning solutions that continually improve with the collection of real-time program results from our product portfolio

Lead a team of data analysts as a player-coach, mentoring each individual to continue to develop their personal skillsets while contributing to model development as needed

Coordinate KPI goals and delivery dates with senior leadership, ensuring our results are measurable and delivered on time

Work in an Agile environment with team members, delivering solutions quickly and continuously exploring ways to improve our results

Actively seek out new potential problems to solve, building out our future Roadmap while simultaneously executing our present analyses

Work closely with colleagues in Product, Operations, and Sales to structure problems and understand the impact across various departments within the company

Minimum of a Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative field.If you can tell a story related to how you can leverage your educational background on a data science team, we are all ears

4+ years in a Data Science position, building predictive models and leading teams

Experience designing and implementing a broad range of Regression techniques

Experience designing and implementing Machine Learning models (preferable)

Experience coding with R, Python, and SQL languages

Familiarity with Amazon Web Services (preferable)

Ability to clearly explain findings from complex analyses in case studies and power point

Be a collaborative teammate, sharing knowledge and learning from others while working through complex problems

Confidence, hustle, energy, and drive – accountability is key and the impact of your work is crucial to our success

You are always ready for the next challenge, always one step ahead, looking for creative ways to improve upon processes

Why We’re Awesome

Recently named one of Built In Austin’s Top 5 Best Companies to Work for in Austin. At Social Solutions, we’re mission focused and results oriented! We’re a diverse team of innovators, creatives, and digital architects that come together to help organizations transform lives. Our clients affect countless lives every day. That’s why we go above and beyond to provide tools to get the job done. We help non-profits get to the heart of their data so they can maximize their efforts to do ever more good. We help those that are changing the world.

What You’ll Get

Amazing coworkers

100% employer paid benefits for employees

8 hours per quarter of volunteer time

Company sponsored events and happy hours

Career advancement opportunities

That’s not all, folks!

In order to fulfill Social Solutions’ mission to “help people transform lives,” we seek to build teams that leverage diverse perspectives to create an innovative and welcoming environment.

To that end, we make employment decisions based on qualifications, merit, and business need. Social Solutions does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability.
