Position Description

Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and applies this to the development, execution, and improvement of action plans

Develops analytical models to drive analytics insights

Leads small and participates in large data analytics project teams

Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity

Participates in the continuous improvement of data science and analytics

Presents data insights and recommendations to key stakeholders

Provides and supports the implementation of business solutions

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor of Science and 2 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 1 year's data science experience.

Additional Preferred Qualifications

4 years' experience with SQL and relational databases (for example, DB2, Oracle, SQL Server).

4 years' experience with statistical programming languages (for example, SAS, R).

Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics and 7 years' experience in an analytics related field.

Certificate in business analytics, data mining, or statistical analysis.

Doctoral degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, or Mathematics and 1 year's experience in an analytics related field.

Master's degree in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, or Mathematics and 3 years' experience in an analytics related field.

Company Summary

What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. It's all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
