This position is not yet funded. GDIT has a future opportunity for a Data Scientist experienced in data modeling and analytics to join our team supporting a national Health Care Data Analytics program in Atlanta GA. As part of the data science team the incumbent will be responsible for identifying and applying data science methods (predictive analytics, AI/ML, reporting, dashboards) to complex health care data types. The ideal candidate will be experienced in creating analytics data stores useful for deeper analytics; data modeling as well as data transformations. In this role you must be able to work collaboratively in a fast paced, dynamic environment and have strong interpersonal and communication skills. This position is based in Atlanta GA. Responsibilities include: Performs scientific work associated with the analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets; develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challengesKnowledgeable in accessing and using data from databases, data lakes, data warehouses, operational data stores, and data marts.Assessment of alternative data science solutions and approaches.Support mission partners in building, improving, and using data science solutions. Skills and Experiences RequiredBachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or another related field and two (2) years’ work experience with data analytics and visualization tools.Experience with predictive analytics, time-series forecasting, geospatial analysis, and broader data science toolsExperience with statistical analysisExperience with relational databases and SQL.Experience with other Data Repositories like: NoSQL, HDFS, MongoDBProgramming skills: e.g. R, Python, Java, Scala DesiredMaster’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or another related field and two (2) years’ experience with data analytics and visualization tools.ETL development using SQL, ETL tools, or programming languagesFamiliarity with AI/ML – both supervised and unsupervised learningFamiliarity with Cloud-Native Analytics For more than 50 years, General Dynamics Information Technology has served as a trusted provider of information technology, systems engineering, training, and professional services to customers across federal, state, and local governments, and in the commercial sector. Over 40,000 GDIT professionals deliver enterprise solutions, manage mission-critical IT programs, and provide mission support services worldwide. GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.','industry
