ENTRY DATA SCIENTIST - MACHINE LEARNING, AI  
  IRVINE, CA    
 
  Project Description:  
 Client is seeking a highly motivated student(s) to fill in an immediate need for a data scientist position to support a growing Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence team. 

As a Data Scientist Intern, you will work side-by-side with other team members to organize, interpret, analyze, and present medical data, contributing towards the drive of research and development for new drugs and medical devices.  
  	
 Acquire, merge, organize, rebuild, standardize, de-duplicate, verify, and structure data from multiple sources and maintain databases/data systems.   	
 Filter, "clean”, and review medical data images.  	
 Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.  	
 Develop, prototype and test predictive algorithms.  	
 Develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.  	
 Analyze data, interpret results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.   	
 This position can be part-time or full-time with flexible hours.    
  Required Skills:   	
  Currently enrolled in a BS/MS program or equivalent in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Engineering, or related field.   	
  Proficiency in Python for data manipulation.   	
  Proficiency in Bash for data manipulation.   	
  Preferred Technical knowledge regarding data models, database design development, and segmentation techniques.   	
  Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.   	
  Proficient in report writing and presenting findings.   	
  Open-minded.   	
  Amicable.      
  This 12+ month position starts ASAP.  
 
 Please E-MAIL your resume (attachment to email) with rate and availability to Karen:    karen@alphaconsulting.com   
 
 
  ALPHA'S REQUIREMENT #19-01438  
  MUST BE ELIGIBLE TO WORK IN THE U.S. AS AN HOURLY W2 EMPLOYEE  

#ZR 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Irvine, CA 92612 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Biotechnology/Pharmaceuticals 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-01438
