Who We Are  


We’re America’s largest mortgage lender, closing loans in all 50 states. J.D Power ranked Quicken Loans “Highest in Customer Satisfaction in Primary Mortgage Origination” for the past nine consecutive years, 2010 – 2018. The company was also ranked highest in the nation for client satisfaction among mortgage servicers by J.D. Power for four consecutive years, 2014 through 2017, each year the company was eligible. There’s a simple reason we’ve been so successful: We care about the people we work with. 

If you’re tired of stuffy, bureaucratic workplaces, then you’ll be delighted to find something different here. We strive to make a creative, fun and collaborative environment you simply won’t find anywhere else. Quicken Loans was named #1 in ESSENCE Magazine’s first ever list of “Best Places to Work for African Americans” in 2015. We've been on Computerworld's "Best Places to Work in IT" list for 13 years running, hitting #1 the last five years. We were also ranked #14 in FORTUNE Magazine’s list of "100 Best Companies to Work For" in 2018, remaining in the top-30 for the past 15 years. 


What You’ll Do/Need  

 The Data Scientist at Quicken Loans delves into the recesses of large data sets of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data to discover hidden knowledge about our business and to develop methods to leverage that knowledge within our line of business. The successful candidate combines strengths in mathematics and applied statics, computer science, visualization capabilities and a healthy sense of exploration and knowledge acquisition.  

  Responsibilities    
 Leverage your knowledge of programming, mathematics and computer science to transform the way our company does business  
 Translate business opportunities into data-driven machine learning, big data and modeling solutions that revamp our processes or produce data products  
 Develop and collect data for ad-hoc and statistical analyses  
 Identify methods that allow continuous and automated statistical testing to enhance the predictability of deployed models  
 Maintain relationships between business area clients, Business Intelligence and Technology so all teams are aligned to meet team objectives  
 Work with Project Managers to develop detailed project timelines  
 Summarize and present conclusions and solutions  
 Communicate complex analyses clearly to all audiences   

  Requirements    
 Master’s degree or above in a STEM field, including but not limited to: computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, operations research, engineering, economics, social sciences, physics, chemistry  
 4 years of experience providing advanced analytics within a business setting  
 1 year of data science implementation experience within a business setting  
 Experience working with raw and missing data  
 Understanding of programming fundamentals  
 Understanding of statistics  
 Excellent communication skills   

  What    ’ll Make You Special    
 Experience with data visualization tools and time series  
 Working knowledge of relational databases and standard SQL query methods  
 Proficiency in at least one general programming language such as Python, Java or C/C++  
 Experience working with big data within a Hadoop environment  
 Experience working with R, SAS or other statistical packages  
 Advanced experience with statistical, econometric or data-mining tools and methods  
 Experience with linear models (linear regression, generalized linear regression, logistic regression), and nonlinear modeling techniques  
 Knowledge of advanced nonlinear techniques, including smoothing and ensemble methods   


What You’ll Get   
Excellent benefits package that includes a 401(k) match, medical/dental/vision insurance and much more 
Opportunities to participate in professional and personal development programs, including personal empowerment coaching, leadership training and ongoing personal growth training 
Other incentives, contests and rewards, including trips, event tickets, cash prizes and more  


Why We're Different  

Corporate politics not your strong suit? The anti-corporate culture of Quicken Loans gives our team members the initiative to build solutions together and grow both personally and professionally. At Quicken Loans, we’re in the business of putting roofs over our clients’ heads, but we certainly aren’t putting ceilings on our team members’ careers. If you’re interested in working in a place with a philosophy that’s truly different, apply today. 

  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Detroit, MI 48226 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         R-025094
