Job Title:  
Engineer II-Data Architect/Data Scientist (661967) 
Job ID:  
661967 
Location: 
FL - Tampa 
Full/Part Time:  
Full-Time 
Regular/Temporary:  
Regular 
Return to Previous Page 
Who We Are: 
Ball Aerospace pioneers discoveries that enable our customers to perform beyond expectation and protect what matters most. We create innovative space solutions, enable more accurate weather forecasts, drive insightful observations of our planet, deliver actionable data and intelligence, and ensure those who defend our freedom go forward bravely and return home safely. For more information, visit http://www.ball.com/aerospace, Facebook or Twitter.  
Ball Aerospace is a prime contractor leading development teams at AFRL and NASIC.  Dayton personnel develop advanced hardware and software systems and provide management services to solve customer problems and create new capabilities.  This includes designing and developing software tools and threat models, performing extensive data analyses, and executing modeling and simulations using both internally developed and standard models. 
Systems Engineering Solutions provides technical and professional services to defense, intelligence, homeland security and space science markets. 
Qualifications: 
This position is located in Tampa, Florida  
Engineer II  Data Architect/Data Scientist 
Apply data science and data characterization technologies for advanced analytics and problem solving in a think tank lab environment specializing in ISR, visualization, business, and financial operations. Tasking and prioritization provided by the on-site program manager.  
What You'll Do:  

Work across diverse projects in a dynamic and collaborative environment. Develop understanding of established enterprise tools/processes while pursuing novel advanced analytic approaches using both large and small datasets. Overcome challenges as a determined problem-solver; pursuing innovation opportunities while delivering real results to move projects forward in an enterprise R&D environment.  

Lead analysis on large, complex projects; may be assigned responsibility for the execution of one or more subtasks of a project or for integrating the results from several subtasks.  

Provide specific technical expertise performing high-level analytical assignments across several complex tasks.  

Analyze and solve complex problems, applying the best ideas from academic and commercial sources, the business world, and your own experience and background.  

Apply and interpret standard engineering concepts, and techniques. Develop solutions to problems where established theories and techniques can be identified and some precedent exists. Determine your own approach to problem solving and devise solutions.  

Translate intelligence problems and data into a form that can be solved with a computational technique.  

Discover, develop, and assess prototype algorithms, processes, and tools to solve current problems and test them against real data in an agile development environment.  

Document research and results and communicate both verbally and through multi-media and advanced visualizations to senior management. Brief status and accomplishments for efforts through weekly, monthly, and final presentations to the team and customer.  

Collaborate in a cross-functional environment composed of co-workers, customers, data providers, and tool vendors.  Identify opportunities to incorporate advanced analytics into existing workflows.  

Understand and respond to customer needs and expectations.  

Maintain a regular and predictable work schedule.  

Establish and maintain effective working relationships within the department, the Strategic Business Units, Strategic Support Units and the Company.  Interact appropriately with others in order to maintain a positive and productive work environment.  

Perform other duties as necessary.   
What You'll Need:  

Bachelors degree or higher in Data Science, Statistics, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field with 5 or more years of related experience.  

Masters or other advanced degree in quantitative field such as statistics, computational biology, computational linguistics, data science, economics, math, computer science, engineering, physics, operations research, or bioinformatics is preferred.  

Minimum of 3 years of experience in the intelligence community or private sector business intelligence/analytics community performing hands-on statistical/computational data analysis.  

An active Top Secret clearance with Single Scope Background Investigation (SSBI) is required.  

Strong science, math, and statistical/computational data analysis foundation.  

Experience with applied math and computer science fundamentals, including Algorithm Design, Data Structures and Algorithm Development.  Includes experience articulating business questions and using mathematical/computational techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. The ability to pick the right algorithm for a given analysis problem and articulate your reasoning.  

Programming experience in languages such as Python, Javascript, R, Julia, Java, C/C++.  

Applied knowledge of Machine Learning and Deep Learning frameworks such as: scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Caffe, Torch, and Theano including model training/development for classification and regression.  

Real-world experience applying Big Data Frameworks such as Hadoop & Spark.  

Knowledge of all source analysis, and the numerous defense intelligence tools, databases, techniques in the Defense Intelligence Enterprise (DIE) or substantially equivalent knowledge from other government or the private sector analytic community.  

Agility and the desire to learn new tools, techniques and procedures  

Effective verbal and written communication skills  

Ability to use the MS Office suite and collaboration tools like Slack, SharePoint, and Atlassian.  

Data Wrangling/ETL skills preferred including scraping, REST/SOAP APIs, XML, JSON, Imagery, Video, SQL, NoSQL, or real Unicode experience.  

Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience for NER/entity extraction, information extraction, and sentiment analysis preferred such as CoreNLP, spaCy, or NLTK.  

Graph Modelling/Graph Database experience preferred such as Neo4J, OrientDB, ArangoDB, NetworkX, Giraph, SparkX, with an emphasis on relation extraction and graph analytics and visualization.  

Interactive Data Visualization experience preferred using tools like Jupyter or Javascript with D3, Three.js that communicate the analysis and technical story to all audience levels both verbally and visually.  

In addition to the typical educational and experience requirements, a demonstrated capability to adequately perform the essential functions and responsibilities of the position and exhibit the skills and competencies of the grade level should be considered.  Each higher-level degree, i.e., Masters Degree or Ph.D., may substitute for two years of experience. Related technical experience may be considered in lieu of education. Degree must be from a university, college, or school which is accredited by an agency recognized by the US Secretary of Education, US Department of Education.   
Working Conditions:  

Work is performed in an office, laboratory, production floor, or clean room, outdoors or remote research environment.  

May occasionally work in production work centers where use of protective equipment and gear is required.  

May access other facilities in various weather conditions.  

Travel and local commute between Ball campuses and other possible non-Ball locations may be required.   
Security Clearance: 
Successful candidate will have completed a government national security clearance investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. *U.S. Citizenship is Required.  By applying to this position you are agreeing to complete a National Security Clearance Pre-Screen Questionnaire, if one is required, to evaluate your general ability to obtain the required security clearance or government customer access associated with this position. 
Relocation: 
Relocation for this position is NOT Available 
EEO Statement: 
US CITIZENSHIP REQUIRED 
Ball Aerospace is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Tampa, FL 33646 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_de9458410000942b31a8e384b895c456
