Overview

Founded in 1973, Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc. is a leading US-owned security company, providing a full range of physical security services to government and commercial customers on four continents. Inter-Con (ICS) provides custom client solutions tailored to quality with the flexibility to operate in highly complex environments. The firm specializes in providing tailored services to clients whose needs exceed the sophistication and expertise of traditional guard firms. Inter-Con remains under family ownership and control and operates as the industry leader in the field of customized, high-requirement security solutions. Inter-Con employs over 25,000 security personnel world-wide, trained and managed by a team of professionals with unsurpassed military, law enforcement, and security experience.

Inter-Con is Everywhere Security Matters.

Job Description

Inter-Con is currently hiring a Data Scientist for Security Operations reporting to the Data Engineer within Contracts and Data Analytics. The Data Scientist for Security Operations will be responsible for the timely development and delivery of strategic reporting to support business objectives. The analyst will work closely with financial analysts, software developers and database architects on various data initiatives.

Primary Responsibilities:

Gather and process raw data at scale (including writing scripts, calling APIs, write SQL queries, etc.)

Adhoc projects related to data

Prototype dashboards, reporting processes and reports

Process, clean, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis

Support data usage and infrastructure needs of downstream teams

QA and debug data processing pipelines

Adhoc projects related to data

Consult on future Machine Learning applications

Qualifications:

Authorized to work in the United States

Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Mathematics, or a related field; Master’s degree or MBA a definite plus

Proficient in data tools such as SQL and Python

Experienced with business intelligence tools such as Tableau

Understand business operations to support KPIs and ability to utilize data to drive operations

Have the ability to multi-task and work effectively under the pressure of multiple deadlines

Build and test analytic and machine learning models

Other requirements or competencies:

Proven experience driving goals, executing projects and problem solving

Organized, efficient time management

Creative and self-motivated – continually seeks ways to improve self and company

Knowledge of machine learning

Inter-Con provides Equal Employment and Affirmative Action opportunities to minorities, females, veterans, and disabled individuals, as well as other protected groups. PPO License Number 6822.
