About Conduent

Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve.

We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world.

Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning - Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more at www.conduent.com.

Job Description

Data Scientist III

Business Process Improvement Professional - Advanced Analytics - Data Scientists

Key Responsibilities

Design, deploy and maintain statistical, predictive and data mining models to translate data into meaningful insights and recommendations across our financial, operational and strategic business functionalities.

Produce dynamic data driven analytic and predictive solutions to support the strategic goals of the company.

Implement advanced data visualizations to answer key business questions by using quantitative and qualitative techniques on our various data sources related with labor, finance, supplier and clients.

Interface with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, tailor the delivery and communicate the results to business unites to drive key business decisions.

Drive the collection of new data sources and the refinement of existing data source.

Basic Qualifications

Bachelor or Master’s degree in computer science, statistics, business analytics.

3+ years statistical analysis techniques and concepts, such as regression, probability, hypothesis test, A/B test and factor analysis.

3+ years machine learning algorithms (supervised and unsupervised).

3+ years working with data science toolkits in Python (preferred) and R (a combination of industry and academic experience is acceptable).

Familiar with connecting different types of datasets in various forms and can handle potentially incomplete data sources.

Ability to communicate with multiple stakeholders to summarize complex results into digestible analysis.

Comfortable with a fast-paced working environment.

Great learning skills and curiosity.

Preferred Qualifications

Proficiency in statistical packages and standard libraries in Python (numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels, etc.) and R (plyr, forecast, car, Comparison, ggplot2, etc.).

Familiar with Hadoop, Spark or other big data platforms.

Familiar with predictive modeling and simulation techniques.

Familiar with cloud-based machine learning platforms such as Azure ML or Spark MLlib etc.

Familiar with data visualization and exploration tools, such as Tableau and Power BI

Experience with building and deploying machine learning models on Microsoft Azure.

Experience with Databricks Environment

Experience with writing SQL queries on structured and unstructured data sets.

Exposure to corporate finance, sales, operations or IT data.

Closing
