** Elutions will be unable to sponsor or transfer any additional H-1B visas during the next 5 years**

Elutions is a global Enterprise AI & Automation company, empowering clients to drive continuous efficiency, cost and quality improvements. As the top leader in our industry, world-wide, we are constantly on the lookout for go-getters, people who aren't afraid to work hard, but have fun at the same time. Those who join our team aren't just bright, but are willing to develop and hone their skills every day, all while making a significant difference in the world.

General Functions:

Carry out assigned divisional duties under the close supervision of senior and management level employees

Respond to internal and external communications in a timely manner

Enter data into electronic databases and file electronic and paper records

Generate reports

Actively seek feedback from peers, senior, and management team members

Escalate concerns and recommendations to senior or management team members

Assist senior and management team members as needed

Work during assigned office hours and attend required meetings

Manage time appropriately to meet project and task completion timelines

Expand capabilities through on-the-job training from senior or management level employees

Conduct yourself in a manner consistent with the firm’s Guiding Principles

Data Scientist Divisional Functions:

Perform statistical data analysis and statistical modelling with high quality data handling techniques

Create meaningful data visualizations to communicate findings

Expand the scope of analytics and modelling techniques using research skills and previous experience

Apply new mathematical methodologies to achieve specific models or analysis

Create various Machine Learning tools or processes

Incorporate process of continuous improvements into day-to-day tasks, aiming for quality refinements in statistics and data handling methods

Troubleshoot problems and quality assurance in the processes with timely quality/ maintenance checks

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques

Perform other duties and projects as directed

Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Ability to leverage computing frameworks to mine, process, and present the value from unstructured data.

Solid understanding of data structures, algorithms, computability and complexity, and computer architecture.

Solid understanding of probability, statistics, distributions, and analysis methods.

Knowledge of programming languages such as Python, R, Perl, SQL and Java

Knowledge of analytical tools like Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Pig and R.

Knowledge of Machine Learning tools, libraries, and APIs such as scikit-learn, Theano, Spark, or TensorFlow and apply them to effectively choose a proper model.

Ability to work with unstructured data.

Ability to model and evaluate data sets to determine useful patterns.

Ability to grasp concepts related to data centers, telecom, grocery stores and other such industries.

Comfortable with data pattern recognition and energy optimization algorithms.

Ability to learn and implement technical hardware/software solutions.

Software demonstration/presentation and sales support.

Effective interpersonal skills, organization/prioritization and administrative skills

Interface effectively with customers, other departments and managers to resolve customer problems and issues.

Motivational Fit:

Good communication skills, especially with teams in other locations

Plans and organizes well

Creative problem solver

Initiates action

Flexible and adaptable

Team oriented

Highly motivated

High integrity

Educational Requirements:

Minimum of Bachelor’s degree in one of the following disciplines (or similar): Computer Science, Statistics, Probability, Advanced Mathematics, Machine Learning

Master’s degree preferred

Certifications, nano degrees, or MOOC specializations desired

Travel Requirements: This position may require international travel.

 Other Duties:

The above duties are not intended to be all-inclusive or permanent. The requirements of the position may change based on business need or to aide in the employee's growth and development. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
