We are looking for Data Scientists who are interested in using data to draw insights that will result in policy changes or business process optimisation, benefiting the public. The applicant will be scoping projects with stakeholders, using data sets across Government Agencies, applying business acumen to tease out relevant impactful insights, and presenting insights in a clear, concise manner by using appropriate visualisations.

He/she should have some training and working experiences on data analytics, and should be comfortable with hands-on data manipulation, data modelling and data visualisation. He/she should also be comfortable with engaging stakeholders on sharpening their business problems.

The analytics work that we do are typically action oriented and cross-cutting across various domains such as social, economic and infrastructure sectors. Over time, he/she will gain exposure to various policy and ops domains and become more adept in bridging between business users and technical expertise.

What to Expect:
Work closely with stakeholders to understand their business challenges, scope the problem and develop business case on how to turn data into critical information and knowledge that are actionable and impactful,.
Perform data cleaning, pre-processing, feature engineering and build relevant models to conduct meaningful analysis. Apply appropriate visualisation techniques to communicate the insight effectively. Iterate with the stakeholders to perform subsequent deep dives based on the initial insights.
Depending on the use case, design of dashboards and interactive visualisations as tools for data exploration and storytelling may be expected.
Potentially deployed to other Government Agencies to be their resident Data Scientist. This will involve formulating and implementing strategies to build strong pipeline of impactful projects at the Agency and executing these projects.
How to Succeed:

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Quantitative Social Science, or related degrees. Advanced degrees preferred. We will also factor in relevant certifications (e.g., Coursera)
Minimum 2 years of relevant working experience, preferably in public sector or data science field
Ability to take a broad, strategic perspective as well as drill deep to understand business needs and challenges
Understand key concepts, techniques and considerations in machine learning and data analytics
Training and relevant experience in one or more of the following areas:
Data science tools such as R, Python
Visual analytics technologies like Tableau, Qlik
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written, with ability to pitch ideas and influence stakeholders
Strong analytical, conceptualisation and problem solving skills
Team player with strong organization and people handling skills
Passion for the use of analytics and data to improve Public Service
