Job Description

To ensure that Visa’s payment technology is truly available to everyone, everywhere requires the success of our key bank or merchant partners and internal business units. The Global Data Science group supports these partners by using our extraordinarily rich data set that spans more than 3 billion cards globally and captures more than 100 billion transactions in a single year. Our focus lies on building creative solutions that have an immediate impact on the business of our highly analytical partners. We work in complementary teams comprising members from Data Science and various groups at Visa. To support our rapidly growing group we are looking for Data Scientists who are equally passionate about the opportunity to use Visa’s rich data to tackle meaningful business problems. You will join one of the Data Science focus areas (e.g., banks, merchants & retailers, digital products, marketing) with an opportunity for rotation within Data Science to gain broad exposure to Visa’s business.

The position is based at Visa's headquarters in the San Francisco Bay Area (Foster City, CA).

Essential Functions

Understand credit card portfolio profitability and develop financial allocation and forecasting models, e.g. calculate NPV, net profit margin using P&L data

Ensure issuer data accuracy, integrity and consistency. Develop self-service reporting tools with financial KPIs and facilitate issuer consulting engagements including data exchange

Find opportunities to create, automate and scale repeatable financial and statistical analysis for Visa Consulting and Analytics

Assist in analytics and communication of key financial revenue driver trends and performance

Drive in-depth analysis to help issuers increase cardholder usage and engagement, providing data driven insights and actionable recommendations to improve cardholder activation and usage

Be an out-of-the-box thinker who is passionate about brainstorming innovative ways to use our unique data to answer business problems

Communicate with clients to understand the challenges they face and convince them with data

Extract and understand data to form an opinion on how to best help our clients and derive relevant insights

Develop visualizations to make your complex analyses accessible to a broad audience

Find opportunities to craft products out of analyses that are suitable for multiple clients

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Physical Requirements

This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers, reach with hands and arms, and bend or lift up to 25 pounds.

Travel

This position requires the incumbent to travel for work 0-5% of the time

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications

2 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD, or PhD)

Preferred Qualifications

2+ years’ experience in data-based decision-making or quantitative analysis

Bachelor’s degree in an analytical field such as finance, economics, statistics, operations research, computer science or many others (graduate degree is a plus)

Previous exposure to financial services, credit cards P&L or other financial planning and analytics is strongly preferred

Experience with extracting and aggregating data from large data sets using SQL or other tools

Competence in Excel, PowerPoint and Tableau

Experience in understanding and analyzing data using statistical software (e.g., Python, SAS, R, Stata or others)

Additional Information

Visa will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.
