About Us

Car repair delivered | A new way to repair your car in your driveway or at our shop

RepairSmith provides the most convenient car repair and maintenance. For the first time, car owners can choose to get their repair delivered to their driveway or drop it off at our shop. We deliver an upfront price, online booking, after-hours support, and a full warranty.

Our delivery mechanics are committed to customer satisfaction to deliver an exceptional experience for car owners in their driveway. Our certified shops are 4+ star rated and fully vetted on-site by our team. We stand behind all work, delivery and drop off, with a 12-month / 12,000-mile warranty.

Founded in 2018, RepairSmith is based in Los Angeles, CA.

POSITION SUMMARY:

The successful candidate will work on impactful projects that range from predicting customer life-time values and optimizing customer journeys to incorporating novel data sources for building cutting-edge pricing algorithms.

A hands-on leader, the successful candidate will have the technical acumen to both propose solutions and build algorithms and at the same time provide strategic leadership and manage projects.

WE WILL DEPEND ON THIS PERSON TO:

Own: The data acquisition, data analysis, data modeling and recommendations for all data driven features on the product – including diagnosis, pricing, recommendations among others.

Teach: Data analytics results and recommendations as required to other team members. Data availability and usage. Implications of data analysis.

Learn: Deep understanding of business, customer experience, data landscape,

Improve: Analysis of all company data to inform business decisions.

WITHIN...

1 month: This person will:

Understand the company business context and data sources available. Can do basic conversion and pricing analysis.

3 months: This person will:

Manage data vendor relationships, investigate and recommend new data sources. Provide pricing performance analysis & recommendations.

6 months: This person will:

Have designed in collaboration with BI team a set of Pricing KPI reports to monitor ongoing progress in pricing goals. Have worked with core product manager to design the evolution of the pricing & recommendations systems.

YOU SHOULD HAVE:

An educational background in computer-science or engineering, math, statistics, physics or equivalent work experience.

3+ years of experience in managing teams and leading large projects.

3+ years of experience with model development and working with large datasets.

3+ programming experience in SQL, Python or R with good grasp of software engineering best practices such as code-reusability, modularity, use of repos, etc.

Proven track record of success in the development and deployment of data management, data governance, data analytics and business intelligence projects and programs

Prior experience in helping organizations mature their data science framework, governance and capabilities

Leadership style that exhibits strategic thinking, high energy, collaboration, direct communication and results orientation

Strong commercial orientation with the ability to interpret business requirements and translate those into actionable and practical technology strategies

Strong communication skills, ability to collaborate with key business and technology stakeholders to develop recommendations, achieve buy-in and achieve measurable results

A growth mindset with versatile skills and able to work through problems systematically.

A portfolio of projects that demonstrate your ability to draw inferences from data.

A can-do team player who is willing to roll-up the sleeves and do whatever is needed to move projects forward. That means at times you will wear multiple hats and be a project manager, developer, modeler and chief communicator of solutions.

Amazing people skills and able to translate and communicate complex algorithms to non-technical experts. Someone who understands that it is not enough to just have a great algorithm but important to create a buy-in for the solution from different stakeholders.

The best problems in the industry are yet to be articulated. We need someone who is creative, self-motivated and can lead projects independently.

Interviews will take place after resumes have been screened for minimum requirements. Please note that this position is not restricted solely to the responsibilities listed above and that the job scope and responsibilities are subject to change.

REPAIRSMITH, INC. IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL RECEIVE CONSIDERATION FOR EMPLOYMENT WITHOUT REGARD TO RACE, COLOR, AGE, RELIGION, SEX, NATIONAL ORIGIN, DISABILITY, PROTECTED VETERAN STATUS, OR ANY OTHER CHARACTERISTIC PROTECTED UNDER FEDERAL, STATE OR LOCAL LAW.
