Please review the job details below.

Maxar Technologies is seeking an independent, creative and driven Data Scientist to help our team in Herndon, VA by analyzing and characterizing big data and a range of other data sources for National Security purposes. The ideal candidate is passionate about technology and able to learn quickly.

Why us?

We build advanced algorithms to gain analytic insights from a large range of open source and government data.

We enable machine learning systems, automate workflow, and design and develop custom applications for unique national-security mission.

We operate an end-to-end predictive analytic platform unlike any other within the US Government .

We provide training to expand your skills and challenges to develop them.

Our client’s missions are vital to national security, so we’re mission-first always.

Our work environment is relaxed business casual.

At our core we believe and practice social responsibility.

What would you be doing?

Extracting and transforming data using programming languages such as Java and Python and associated open source data analytics libraries

Ascertaining unique ways to apply algorithms to derive specific customer data analytic results

Applying big data analytics tools to large, diverse sets of collection data to assess risk of adverse threat activities

Extending existing algorithms as required to support customer requirements

Applying data science methods to create and data feeds to generate models that perform predictive analytics using a variety of approaches (such are natural language processing, association rule mining, etc.)

Minimum Qualifications:

Must have a current/active TS/SCI and be willing and able to obtain a CI Polygraph

Requires 5 or more years of relevant experience

Requires a Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Science or related field.

Experience in at least one of these languages: R, VBA, Java, C++, SQL, Python

Development experience in a Linux/Unix/Windows environment

Occasional local travel to government sites for customer meetings and demonstrations

Experience conducting model feasibility research and algorithm development for machine learning

Experience with distributed datasets and experience analyzing both relational and NoSQL data structures

Experience working in an Agile environment,

Experience developing and testing models

Experience with Data Analytics

Desired Skills:

Graduate experience working with probabilistic and stochastic statistical analysis or computational intelligence

Ascertaining unique ways to apply algorithms to derive specific customer specific data analytics results

Applying big data analytics tools to large, diverse sets of collection data to assess risk of adverse threat activities

Extending existing algorithms as required to support customer requirements

Knowledge of technical aspects of ISR systems

Extracting and transforming data using programming languages such as Java and Python and associated open source data analytics libraries

Exceptional oral and written communications

Organizational skills and excellent attention to detail

Capability to work effectively in a geographically distributed development team

MAXAR Technologies offers a generous compensation package including a competitive salary; choice of medical plan; dental, life, and disability insurance; a 401(K) plan with competitive company match; paid holidays and paid time off.
