Apex Systems is looking for a Data Scientist with previous Retail experience in Columbus, Ohio. Key Responsibilities Data Analysis of current state, reverse engineer data models & data mapping. Document & Manage data standards, semantic layer mapping, data flows and conceptual flows. Identify, define & classify master data across the enterprise landscape. Define & manage how company data will be stored, consumed, integrated and managed across the enterprise by different business applications, IT systems, and Users. Working with business and IT teams to develop and maintain mappings/rules between business applications & business data and interfaces. Set standards for data management (master & transaction), analyze current state and conceive desired future state. Applies architectural and technology concepts to address scalability, security, reliability, maintainability and sharing of enterprise data. Collaborate with internal and external partners to ensure that technology decisions align with the overall Enterprise Architecture Framework/Roadmap via clear communication and negotiation skills. Conduct proof of concepts, drive technology & product selection, support pilot implementations and support enterprise wide adoption of data, data analytics process & toolsets Work across a wide range of stakeholders, application subject matter experts, architects, technology and business leaders to harness perspectives, influence & drive consistent data practices Requirements Education: Advanced/Master's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Applied Math, or other quantitative disciplines. Bachelor’s degree with more than 7 years of experience is considered. Years of Experience: At least 7 years’ experience in an open-source programming role in the context of predictive and prescriptive analytics, or decision science Experience with statistical algorithms such as linear and logistic regression, decision trees, neural networks, random forests, gradient boosting, SVM, etc. and their applications in a retail environment Familiarity with optimization methods such as Linear Programming, Discrete Event Simulation, Genetic Algorithm, Queuing Theory, Inventory Control models, etc Experience deploying above described algorithms on large data sets. • Tools: Strong experience with programming languages in various combinations: SQL, Python, R, SAS, SPSS, Java, Javascript, C, C++. Usage of integrated development environment (IDE) to the text editor plus terminal combination for R and Python, such as R-Studio, PyCharm, etc. Familiar with Hive, Spark, Db Visualizer, Alteryx, Tableau, Omniture, Anaconda etc. Familiar with Microsoft Office products. EEO EmployerApex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
