BAE Systems, Inc. has an opening for a Data Scientist with a GEOINT background on Ft. Gordon, GA. Candidate understands multi-INT analytic capabilities and seeks out new innovative ideas that drive foundational standards with a focus on GEOINT. Focused on AI integration and process automation to decrease production timelines and increase data ingestion. Has contacts across the IC/DoD and is capable of understanding system integration/engineering requirements. Ability to operate with or without direct supervision and travel as necessary to coordinate with tech innovators across the community.

Typical Education & Experience

Typically a Bachelor's Degree and 6 years work experience or equivalent experience

Required Skills and Education

Firm understanding of GEOINT exploitation, analysis and reporting of Advanced GEOINT and FSG related disciplines and products produced by INSCOM MI BDE-Theater IGD. Sub-disciplines include but are not limited to SAR, TIR, EO, MTI, FMV, non-imaging infrared and LiDAR.

Experience in creating, integrating and transitioning web service interfaces, database connection and API connections to relational databases for analytic functionality with coding languages such as XML, Python, JavaScript, JSON, HTML, SQL, etc.

Experience with data visualization, data mining, storing large amounts of data, creating predictive modeling processes and presenting findings.

MA/MS degree in Remote Sensing, Cartography, Geography, or related field AND 7 years CURRENT GEOINT Analysis experience

OR

BA/BS degree in Remote Sensing, Cartography, Geography, or related field AND 9 years of CURRENT GEOINT Analysis experience

OR

Undergraduate degree with at least 13 years of Intelligence Analysis experience to include 9 years of CURRENT GEOINT Analysis experience

OR

HS diploma/GED AND Specialized Training with at least 17 years of Intelligence Analysis experience to include 11 years of CURRENT GEOINT Analysis experience.

Preferred Skills and Education

Developing and maintaining cloud and non-cloud relational databases, API’s, Web Services and Dash Boards.

Fully understands the TCPED process and able to design ground-truth experiments that verify and validate R&D fidelity.

Excellent communication skills in order to effectively interface with senior military officials, managers, and subordinates.

Superior understanding of DoD Intelligence processes, activities, standards, and available analytic tools with general understanding of multi-INT operations.

About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security

BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. That’s BAE Systems. That’s Inspired Work.
