Overview

HP Engineering entails utilizing established engineering disciplines to test and safeguard the manufacturing standards for new and existing HP products. Working with internal stakeholders and outsourced development partners, you will develop and execute solutions to resolve any existing issues, ensuring that our operating processes are cost-effective and uphold the highest quality.

Full Time

Level: Middle

Travel: Minimal (if any)

Success profile

What makes a successful Engineer at HP? Check out the top traits we’re looking for and see if you have the right mix.

Communicator

Deadline-oriented

Entrepreneurial

Open-minded

Problem-solver

Team Player

Rewards

Medical

Holidays

Flex Time

Life and Disability Insurance

Work/Life Balance

Onsite Gym/ Fitness Center

HP creates new possibilities for technology to have a meaningful impact on people, businesses, governments and society. The world’s largest technology company HP brings together a portfolio that spans printing, personal computing, software, services and IT infrastructure to serve more than 1 billion customers in over 170 countries on six continents. HP invents, engineers, and delivers technology solutions that drive business value, create social value, and improve the lives of our clients. And at HP, we know that our people and values are the most important elements in this success.

Applies basic foundation of a function's principles, theories and concepts to assignments of limited scope. Uses professional concepts and theoretical knowledge acquired through specialized training, education or previous experience. Develops expertise and practical knowledge of applications within business environment. Acts as team member by providing information, analysis and recommendations in support of team efforts. Exercises independent judgment within defined parameters.

Responsibilities:

Manage the process of gathering and manipulating data from multiple sources into structured data products to improve quality, cost and productivity

Performs statistical analysis on large data sets and delivers visualization and reporting resources for communicating with business stakeholders

Researches, recommends and deploys data analysis techniques applicable to chemical manufacturing operations

Designs portions of engineering solutions utilizing multiple engineering disciplines for products, systems, software, and solutions based on established engineering principles and in accordance with provided specifications and requirements

Implements established test plans for existing designs, including validation of mechanical, electrical, software, and other engineering specifications and requirements.

Participates as a member of project team of other engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for low to moderately- complex products.

Education and Experience Required:

Bachelor's or Master's degree in Software Engineering, Data Science, Computer Science or related field.

1 or 2 years experience in related field

Knowledge and Skills:

Experience or understanding of appropriate engineering design tools and software packages, such as SQL, R, Python, Power BI, Tableau, Machine Learning.

Good analytical and problem-solving skills.

Basic understanding of material properties and hardware and electrical component design.

Good written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.

#LI-POST
