Are you interested in learning about healthcare professions and the latest healthcare innovations in the KC area? Become part of an organization that is dedicated to making a difference in both your career and community.

Job Description Summary :

The Value-Based Program Data Scientist will participate in the development, design, evaluation and continued evolution of innovative programs designed to transition from fee-for-service reimbursement to a system based on value. The Value-based Program Data Scientist will be conducting advanced and exploratory analytics, generating actionable insights and resources to strategically design, evaluate and/or enhance value-based programs.

Job Description

Collaborate and work closely with stakeholders to design and evaluate Value Based Payment programs. Example areas include hospital and physician Accountable Care Organization (ACO) programs, Episodes of Care (EoC) programs, and other innovative approaches to care.

Works as the subject matter expert for value-based projects. Participates in project development, design and evaluation to ensure the strategic directives of the stakeholders are executed and time sensitive deadlines met.

Provides analytical support for value-based programs, including independently monitoring/measuring the performance of the initiatives by leveraging utilization, financial, clinical, member experience and benchmark data from multiple internal and external sources. Will perform analysis, summarize results, and oversee value-based payments while adhering to established standards and processes.

Apply robust and appropriate statistical and clinical rigor using advanced analytic techniques including but not limited to risk adjustment, episode analytics (ETG, Prometheus etc.), statistical modeling, power analysis, matched case control studies etc.

Derive actionable insights from healthcare data (claims, clinical, pharmacy, externally sourced) to engage and enable our provider/clinical partners. Support transformation teams to deploy actionable insight into accessible solutions for our provider/clinical partners.

Present analytic findings and recommendations to non-technical business partners and leadership to drive data driven strategies.

Works collaboratively with Blue KC’s internal practice engagement team members, to include Medical Directors, Pharmacists, Nurse Coordinators, Provider Business Partners, Provider Representatives, and other members of the team to provide comprehensive and coordinated support to practices and health systems as they transform.

Provides training, technical assistance and consultative guidance to team members and provider groups as it relates to new value-based reimbursement models. Drives cross pollination of best practices/best approaches and collaboration among internal and external stakeholders.

Explore innovative solutions to business questions/problems.

Minimum Qualifications

Advanced degree or equivalent experience in Statistics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Health Outcomes Research, Healthcare Economics or Data Science 7 years of experience or any combination of education and experience providing the types of knowledge, skills and abilities required of the role.

This position requires healthcare and insurance content knowledge, analytics/data science expertise and value-based program expertise to support Blue KCs Value-based strategy.

Thorough understanding of value-based care, alternative payment models and the role of primary and specialty care and health systems in directing care and delivering value within the healthcare ecosystem.

Subject matter expert in healthcare cost and quality metrics, including but not limited to various episode models (ETG, Prometheus, etc.), quality measures (HEDIS, PQRS etc.) and Value Based Payment programs (ACO, EoC, etc.)

Ability to demonstrate strong communication and problem-solving skills with the capacity to anticipate and identify needs from business.

Lean Six-Sigma Black Belt certification

Technical skills required: SAS, R and Python

Experience with Teradata and Hadoop and output through advanced visualization tools including, but not limited to: R/Python

Strong Healthcare data knowledge and hands on experience (medical claims data, clinical data, pharmacy data and eligibility data)

Strong knowledge and experience with analytic tools and applications like episode analytics and risk adjustment.

Working clinical knowledge on specialty conditions and deep understanding of health care and delivery system processes.

Go Getter who enjoys problem solving and creating innovative solutions and visions working with various business stakeholders.

Strong verbal/written communication and leadership skills to work with various partners, including but not limited to clinical, actuarial, contracting, business, marketing/sales, and IT.

Demonstrated ability to interface with all levels of management.

Demonstrated use and knowledge of databases and integration of new systems.

Strong problem solving, analytical, organizational, and research skills.

Demonstrated technical and project management skills with the ability to coordinate and manage multiple concurrent projects and delegate responsibility.

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced degree or equivalent experience in Statistics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Health Outcomes Research, Actuarial Science, or Data Science with demonstrated experience in alternative payment methodology or care delivery models.
