A career in our Investigative Analytics practice, within Forensics Technology services, will provide you with the opportunity to help our clients protect their business in today’s evolving landscape by applying advanced and strategic approaches to information management. We focus on assisting organisations manage vast amounts of electronic data and navigate the legal and business processes demanded by critical events which includes litigation, regulatory requests and internal investigations. Our team helps design and build investigation support systems for our clients that work with, review, and provide insights of the data under investigation without the need for complex data analysis skills and without the risk of damaging the underlying evidence.

To really stand out and make us ?t for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be an authentic and inclusive leader, at all grades/levels and in all lines of service. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future. As a Senior Associate, you’ll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to: - Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas. - Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities and coach to help deliver results. - Develop new ideas and propose innovative solutions to problems. - Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current trends in business area. - Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance. - Share relevant thought leadership. - Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing others. - Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality, diverse relationships. - Uphold the firm’s code of ethics and business conduct.

Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:

Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:

3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:

Management Information Systems, Engineering, Accounting, Computer and Information Science, Mathematics, Finance, Economics, Statistics, Data Processing/Analytics/Science

Certification(s) Preferred:

Database and programming certifications, such as Oracle, MS SQL Server; CPA; and/or PMI. Certified Fraud Examiner is a plus.

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:

Demonstrates proven thorough knowledge of, and/or success in individual contributor or supervisory roles involving, data science and analytics, forensic technology, forensic accounting and/or technical investigations, preferably for a global network of professional services firms, including the following areas:

Supervising or leading work streams involving advanced knowledge of SQL, Python or R, Data science skills & a knowledge of supervised and unsupervised machine learning, & social network analysis;

Demonstrating experience with big data tools such as Hadoop & cloud computing, such as PySpark, and cloud machine learning tools;

Performing in or maintaining relational and NoSQL Databases, especially utilizing one or more of the following environments: Data Visualization Tools - Tableau; Spotfire, or QlikView;

Performing in ERPs, especially multiple business and accounting cycles, financial reporting activities, and data models;

Understanding industry specific business processes and accounting practices, such as Healthcare, Oil and Gas, Utilities, etc.; and,

Consulting or helping to manage industry related data analytics and/or financial management, emphasizing multiple business and accounting cycles.

Demonstrates a thorough level of ability in and/or proven record of success with data science and analytics, forensic technology, forensic accounting and/or technical investigations, preferably for a global network of professional services firms, including the following areas:

Applying subject matter specialization to the development and prioritization of data science, analytics, models, and operations;

Managing multiple engagements and competing priorities in a rapidly growing, cross-functional, fast-paced, interactive, results-based team environment;

Leading teams on accounting-related and business consulting projects to translate business and accounting requirements into technical solutions’ specifications;

Creating, managing, and utilizing high performance relational and NoSQL databases, such as Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, Microsoft Access, OLAP and other proprietary software;

Gathering, standardizing, and analyzing voluminous transactional electronic data, such as banking records, general ledgers, sales and inventory data, etc.;

Querying and mining large data sets to discover transaction patterns, examining financial data and filtering for targeted information that utilize both traditional and predictive/advanced analytic methodologies;

Designing and developing user interfaces and database reports;

Assisting practice leadership in creating proposals, budgets, work-plans, and other business development activities as appropriate;

Communicating cogently when writing, speaking and/or presenting to senior management, client personnel, client in-house and outside legal counsel, compliance personnel, investigators, vendors or subcontractors, and team members; and,

Overseeing project management, including preparing budgets, work plans, status reports, and client-ready deliverables.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.
