As a leading provider of global information security solutions, Code42 secures the ideas of more than 50,000 organizations worldwide, including the most recognized brands in business and education. Because Code42 collects and indexes every version of every file, the company offers security, legal and IT teams total visibility and recovery of data wherever it lives and moves. Founded in 2001, the company is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with offices in London, Munich, San Francisco, Denver and Washington, D.C. We are proud to be funded by Accel Partners, JMI Equity, NEA and Split Rock Partners.

Code42 is committed to providing all employees with engaging and challenging work, opportunity for growth, an equal voice to drive innovation, and an environment that cultivates authenticity. In return, we look for people who are inquisitive, enjoy solving complex problems, collaborate effectively, think creatively and provide diverse insights to help us all think better and differently. Come join us and #BeCode42

YOU’LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR:

Developing machine learning models against datasets to generate insights to support product feature development.

Leading analytic practices, design and development cycles.

Working with cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights across a variety of core business areas

Producing new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of the Code42 SaaS products.

Developing A/B testing frameworks to verify model quality.

Creating stories and visualizations leveraging one or more datasets to influence next generaration product features.

Generating and presenting reports and analysis of model quality.

Cordinating with company stakeholders to implement models and monitor outcomes.

Performing data wrangling duties to prepare datasets for general research purposes by yourself and other team members.

Assessing the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Collaborating with teammates across the product development organization.

SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS:

Advanced degree in Statistics, Mathematics or Computer Science and 3 or more years of professional experience, or can convincingly demonstrate this level of skill.

Proficency with statistical computer languages such as R or Python.

Proficiency with relational database systems (SQL) and object based data stores (AWS S3).

Proficiency with distributed data systems such as Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark or Apache Flink

Advanced applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Professional experience with machine learning techniques and how to apply them in real-world scenarios.

You are expert in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets with a variety of tools.

Good verbal and written communication skills to present findings.

Drive to learn new technologies, statisical methods and data manipulation techniques.

Understands business context and challenges and articulates practical solutions, both for Code42's own business and that of our customers.

Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development.

PREFERRED:

Experience with Amazon Web Service data storage services such as Relational Database Service (RDS), RedShift, S3, or Athena.

Familiarity with Object Oriented programming languages such as Java, C# or C++.

Experience with the Amazon Web Service analytics tools such as Elastic Map Reduce (EMR), Amazon QuickSight, or Kinesis Data Analytics.

Familiarity with Agile / Scrum development practices and "Software as a Service" solutions.
