Role Summary: The Sr Data Scientist will work in teams addressing statistical, machine learning and data understanding problems in a commercial technology and consultancy development environment. In this role, they will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets.

Essential Responsibilities:

We are looking for data scientists that want to revolutionize the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) space by creating new cloud based and edge based products based upon machine learning approaches to help our customers better understand how to optimize performance of their power generating units. With over one third of the world’s power generation in our rapidly developing IIoT infrastructure, you will have a true opportunity to make a major impact on the world’s largest IIoT implementation.

As a Data Scientist, you will be part of a cross-disciplinary team on commercially-facing development projects, typically involving large, complex data sets. These teams typically include statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert with partners in GE business units. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics across infrastructure and industrial sectors, financial portfolio risk assessment, and operations optimization.

In this role you will:

Develop analytics within well-defined projects to address customer needs and opportunities.

Work alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services.

Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics.

Perform exploratory and targeted data analyses using descriptive statistics and other methods.

Work with data engineers on data quality assessment, data cleansing and data analytics

Generate reports, annotated code, and other projects artifacts to document, archive, and communicate your work and outcomes.

Share and discuss findings with team members.

Qualifications/Requirements:Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in a “STEM” major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics)

A minimum 2 year data science development experience in a commercial setting

Eligibility requirements:

Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. GE may agree to sponsor an individual for an employment visa now or in the future if there is a shortage of individuals with particular skills.

Must be willing to travel Desired Characteristics:

Demonstrated skill in the use of one or more analytic software tools or languages (e.g., SAS, SPSS, R, Python)

Demonstrated skill at data cleansing, data quality assessment, and using analytics for data assessment

Demonstrated skill in the use of applied analytics, descriptive statistics, and predictive analytics on industrial datasets

Prefer candidate with machine learning background familiar with open source machine learning environments (e.g.. TensorFlow, SKLearn, Torch, Theano, etc)

Technical Expertise:

Demonstrated awareness of feature extraction and real-time analytics methods

Demonstrated awareness of analytic prototyping, analytic scaleup, analytic scaling, and solutions integration

Domain Knowledge:

Demonstrated awareness of industry and technology trends in data science

Demonstrated awareness of customer and stakeholder management and business metrics

Leadership:

Demonstrated awareness of how to function in a team setting

Demonstrated awareness of critical thinking and problem solving methods

Demonstrated awareness of presentation skills

Personal Attributes:

Demonstrated awareness of how to leverage curiosity and creativity to drive business impact

#DTR

About Us: GE (NYSE: GE) drives the world forward by tackling its biggest challenges. By combining world-class engineering with software and analytics, GE helps the world work more efficiently, reliably, and safely. GE people are global, diverse and dedicated, operating with the highest integrity and passion to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our customers. www.ge.com

GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.

Additional Eligibility Qualifications: GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable). Additional Locations: United States;California, Georgia, Massachusetts, Texas;Austin, Bostin, Atlanta, SanRamon;
