At Keurig Dr. Pepper we are quickly growing and expanding our capabilities around data science, data engineering and data operationalization to create a comparative advantage for our diverse business. Data Scientists on our commercial team are trained to be technical, operational and industry business leaders, acting as critical members of our business teams, helping to achieve above average incremental growth.As a Sr. Manager - Data Scientist on the Ecommerce Data Science team, you will be responsible for implementing a data science roadmap, developing mid and jr. level data scientists, and leading data science engagements that deliver business value and customer insights to the broader Ecommerce team. Ecommerce is a core initiative at Keurig Dr. Pepper (KDP). The coffee maker sale is moving online at pace; the majority of small appliance spending is expected to move online over the next five years. Meanwhile, beverage sales are already driving early scale in online grocery at retailers such as Amazon.com, Walmart.com and many others. KDP Ecommerce, already well developed compared to peer Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) categories, is well-positioned to drive the majority of KDP’s growth over the next five years. You will act as both a strategic and technical leader whose purpose is to improve KDP’s overall business performance through the analysis of data, development and deployment of predictive models, and the discovery of insights about our online shoppers, customers, partners and competitors. In the short-term you will help the ecommerce team better understand their current customer base, sales channels, and competitor behavior so they can target new customers, increase online sales, optimize subscription services and increase long-term customer value for the enterprise. You will oversee the mining of Clickstream, POS, Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and complimentary online retail data, with the ultimate goal of developing and deploying real-time predictive modeling tools that deliver a uniquely personalized automated shopping experience across our broad portfolio of online sales channels. What you will do: Oversee data science projects through the project lifecycle, from scoping through to online implementation.You will be a hands-on leader, overseeing data exploration and analysis techniques to examine clickstream, POS, and IOT data from multiple disparate sources, with the goal of improving customer understanding and providing a competitive advantage for Keurig’s ecommerce business teams. Recommend and oversee appropriate statistical and predictive modeling concepts, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation algorithms to help optimize customer targeting, reduce churn, and increase customer life-time-value. Recruit train, guide, and coach jr. and mid-level analytics team members with the ultimate objective of creating a best-in-class Data Science and Business Analytics Function at KDP.Ensure data and code integrity by conducting documentation and code reviews. Translate and break apart day-to-day business challenges into manageable segments for data science application.Navigate many multi-functional stakeholders, and communicate technical results effectively to non-technical audiences. Work closely with IT and Data Engineering resources to help facilitate a collaborative, data science focused agenda Implement strategic analyses with the know-how to balance getting the details right, while still moving at the speed of business.Help to create and develop a replicable Data Science roadmap that can be deployed across KDP as an enterprise. Requirements You will ideally have: MS/PhD and minimum 7 years of experience, in Ecommerce, data analytics, sales, consumer marketing, or another related field.7+ years of experience in deploying data science in a business environment.Experience in a consulting environment with one of the Major Management Consultancies. Knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms.Extensive experience with one or more statistical analysis and scripting tools, including R and Python Experience with data extraction from SQL databases Experience with Big data Technologies (e.g. Spark, Hadoop: MapReduce, Hive and Pig)Experience with cloud based technologies (Azure, AWS)Possess excellent oral and written communication skillsHighly detail–oriented and organizedPossess strong business and financial acumen Company Overview & EEO Statement Keurig Dr Pepper (KDP) is a leading coffee and beverage company in North America with dual headquarters in Burlington, MA and Plano, TX, with annual revenue in excess of $11 billion. KDP holds leadership positions in soft drinks, specialty coffee and tea, water, juice and juice drinks and mixers, and markets the #1 single serve coffee brewing system in the U.S. The Company maintains an unrivaled distribution system that enables its portfolio of more than 125 owned, licensed and partner brands to be available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages. With a wide range of hot and cold beverages that meet virtually any consumer need, KDP key brands include Keurig®, Dr Pepper®, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters®, Canada Dry®, Snapple®, Bai®, Mott’s® and The Original Donut Shop®. The Company employs more than 25,000 employees and operates more than 120 offices, manufacturing plants, warehouses and distribution centers across North America.Benefits built for you: Our people are the heart of our business, which is why we offer robust benefits to support your health and wellness as well as your personal and financial well-being. We also provide employee programs designed to enhance your professional growth and development while ensuring you feel valued, inspired and appreciated at work.Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and affirmatively seeks diversity in its workforce. Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. recruits qualified applicants and advances in employment its employees without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability, genetic information, ethnic or national origin, marital status, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/DisabledCandidates must be able to pass a background check and drug test, as applicable for the role.
