Crisis Text Line is looking for a Data Scientist with experience in Behavioral Science (“Behavioral Data Scientist”) to support our three core operational programs: Community, Growth, and Service.

The Community program supports the 5,000 Crisis Counselors who volunteer with Crisis Text Line every month, one of the largest online volunteer communities in the world.

The Growth program oversees recruitment of Crisis Counselors and all partnerships that allow people in crisis to find Crisis Text Line when in need. The Service program manages the real-time operations of our counseling service, making sure every texter and Crisis Counselor is supported.

The Behavioral Data Scientist will work with two types of groups within our operational programs: (1) Product Development groups, with a mix of techincal staff, including engineers, PMs, and ML data scientists, and (2) operational groups, with staff including customer service, instructional design, and communications. The Behavioral Data Scientist will work with groups to deepen volunteer engagement and impact on texters using three skillsets that pull from data science and behavioral psychology: (1) technical skills, to manipulate and analyze large datasets, (2) expertise in behavioral psychology, decision science, or a similar field, to form research-backed hypotheses and design experiments to influence behavior and perception, and (3) the ability to shape clear and compelling data narratives, to turn insights into action. Crisis Text Line has a diverse, inclusive, and empathetic culture—we look for people who are curious, creative, and work to be a little better every single day. As an organization, in our work together we aim to be humble, open, gritty and, above all, collaborative. Does this sound like a good fit for you? If so,

What you will be doing

Using one of the largest datasets on crisis care in the world (~110 million messages), work with the Community, Growth, and Service leadership to create data-backed prioritization of business problems.

Employ a mix of quant and qual methods to develop and test behavioral nudges to influence volunteer engagement and texter impact.

Work with our data, product, and engineering staff to scale what works, by turning successful tests into products.

Create a knowledge base of tests, to inform long-term organizational strategy on building our volunteer community.

Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 emotional support and information to people in crisis, by text. We aim to move every texter in crisis from a hot moment to a cool calm. Crisis Text Line is one of the first non-profits built from the ground up around data and technology. In our first five years, our Crisis Counselors have exchanged over 100 million messages with texters in crisis. We plan to exchange the next 100 million in the next 11 months. This means now have the largest dataset on crisis in the world. We’re using this data in two ways: (1) to improve our service internally, and (2) to improve the crisis space as a whole. For the public, we’ve developed www.crisistrends.org, which updates daily. For researchers, we have a Fellows Program, where researchers spend 6 months with us, breaking new ground for crisis care and research-for-good. So far, 5 papers have been published with our data; we expect another 10 in the next twelve months. Crisis Text Line is headquartered in New York City. Come help us shape the story of what

Requirements

What you should have

Minimum of 2 years of experience in an Analytics, BI, or Behavioral Science role, and/or a degree in a related field.

Proficiency in one or more analytics languages with preference for SQL and python.

A strong knowledge of Behavioral Science literature and research. I.e., concepts like “social proof” and “reciprocity” pop into your head every day.

A passion for storytelling. You recognize that truth is insufficient; that insights matter only when they lead to actions.

Humility. Meaning, we don’t know the right answers, but we know how to get them: “Always Be Testing.”

Benefits

Crisis Text Line provides free, 24/7 emotional support and information to people in crisis, by text. We aim to move every texter in crisis from a hot moment to a cool calm. Crisis Text Line is one of the first non-profits built from the ground up around data and technology. In our first five years, our Crisis Counselors have exchanged over 100 million messages with texters in crisis. We plan to exchange the next 100 million in the next 11 months. This means now have the largest dataset on crisis in the world. We’re using this data in two ways: (1) to improve our service internally, and (2) to improve the crisis space as a whole. For the public, we’ve developed www.crisistrends.org, which updates daily. For researchers, we have a Fellows Program, where researchers spend 6 months with us, breaking new ground for crisis care and research-for-good. So far, 5 papers have been published with our data; we expect another 10 in the next twelve months. Crisis Text Line is headquartered in New York City. Come help us shape the story of what #dataforgood means here at Crisis Text Line.

We also provide:

3 weeks vacation per calendar year.

A rockin’ team. Lots of support and laughter.

You don’t have to work on your birthday (but we’ll probably bake you cookies if you do).

Valentine’s Day is also a holiday here...and Halloween is a half day. Plus all those normal holidays.

Crisis Text Line is an equal opportunity employer.
