Our client is currently seeking a
  Data Scientist  (627979)  for a FTE (Full Time Perm employment) position, Contact   bkubiak@judge.com   , 732.497.4294, Please review the Qualifications: section,&nbsp;  



Position Overview:  
Data Scientist to be a part of one of the technology teams responsible for designing and building software components for the delivery of web applications to millions of clients users. This role involves working hand-in-hand with business units to build state of the art scalable and robust web applications that are consumer centric. 

 

Key Responsibilities:  
 
Design, develop, implement, and test software modules and other technology components for cilents.org and related customer-facing web properties using agile software development practices. 
Develop and implement payment, billing and/or dynamic content delivery systems. 
Analyze business requirements, provide development estimates and feedback, and determine implementation/execution approaches. 
Work with other software engineers, database developers, infrastructure, operations and QA teams to design and implement quality software solutions. 
Support, troubleshoot, monitor and optimize existing software systems. 
Help streamline software development by contributing to implementation of a continual integration process, automating manual processes, and eliminating defects. 
Performs other duties as assigned but not at a higher level.   

 

Qualifications:  
 
Master’s degree in Computer Science or related fields with three years of relevant experience, or Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related fields and five years of relevant experience in lieu Master's. 
Extensive experience in software development, modern design patterns and web technologies under e-commerce enabled environments using multi-tier architectures. 
Experience as a Data Engineer, Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist, or similar specialty with a track record of manipulating, processing, productionizing and extracting value from large and complex datasets. 
Strong knowledge of DBMS concepts with hands-on architecting and data modeling (Relational, Dimensional, NoSql) experience. 
Strong knowledge and Experience working in projects involving building Data Warehouses, Data Lakes, Big data ecosystems (Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, and Hbase ) on a Cloud platform (AWS). 
Strong programming experience using Python, PySpark, Bash, SQL in Linux/UNIX environment to process and analyze large data sets on the Cloud. 
Strong Knowledge and Hands-on experience in building ETL systems and data-pipelines on Cloud (AWS Glue) 
Experience with Cloud technologies/Services - (AWS - EC2, S3, EMR, CodeCommit, Glue, Athena etc.) and Modern Data Processing/Analysis tools (zeppelin Notebooks etc) 
Experience with data visualization software (Tableau) 
Knowledge of object-oriented Programming languages and frameworks - Java/JEE, Spring, in development for modern data engineering systems. 
Experience with technologies such as Apache Spark, Kafka, Flume, Sqoop is a big plus. 
Experience working with modern tools in the Agile software development life cycle - Version Control Systems (Ex. git, github, Stash/BitBucket), Knowledge Management (Ex. Confluence, Google Docs), Development Workflow (Ex. Jira), Continuous Integration (Ex. Bamboo, Jenkins), Real Time Collaboration (Ex. Hipchat, Slack)  



  

Brian K. Kubiak, 
 
 Sr. Technical Recruiter, The Judge Group   
Direct Dial: 
 732.497.4294   | Email: 
 bkubiak@judge.com   


linkedin.com/in/brian-k-kubiak -3593983   

 Celebrating 50 Years of Success   

 Click to learn more about Judge’s  
 &nbsp;   
 Technology   
 ,&nbsp;   
 Talent   
 &nbsp;  
 &amp;  
 &nbsp;   
 Learning   
 &nbsp;Solutions   
       

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Yonkers, NY 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Healthcare Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         627979
