Bachelor's degree in quantitative field such as CS, machine learning, mathematics, statistics or equivalent with 5+ years of experience

Experience with R, Python, Weka, SAS, Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software

Experience applying various machine learning techniques

Understanding the key parameters that affect ML performance

Experience developing experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes

Understanding of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc.

Do you like Alexa? Do you have a passion for cars? Do you love bleeding edge technology? Are you a data scientist with technical aptitude? Alexa Automotive is looking for a data scientist to bring Alexa - the voice controlled personal assistant behind Amazon Echo – in automobiles. The team seeks to provide seamless experiences for customers with Alexa in the car.

Alexa Automotive Personal Mobility team is looking for a Data Scientist with strong software development skills as we build a team of talented and passionate data scientists in the field of Machine learning and Natural Language Processing (NLP). Our mission is to push the envelope in ML and NLP, in order to provide the best-possible experience for our customers in local search, navigation/traffic and public transit areas with conversational interaction. This is a strategic role to shape and deliver our technical strategy in developing and deploying NLU, Machine Learning solutions to our hardest customer facing problems. These initiatives are at the heart of the organization and recognized as the innovations that will allow us to build a differentiated product that exceeds customer expectations. You will work with software developers and a team of Language Engineers and Scientists to launch new customer facing features and improve the current features.You will help lay the foundation to move from directed device interactions to learned behaviors that enable Alexa to proactively take action on behalf of the customer. And, you will have the satisfaction of working on a product your friends and family can relate to, and want to use every day.

Master's degree in highly quantitative field such as CS, machine learning, mathematics, statistics

Ability to establish strong baselines and accurately determine cause and effect relationships

7+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, data mining, and analytics techniques.

Experience in one or more natural language processing topics: tagging, syntactic parsing, word sense disambiguation, topic modeling; contextual text mining, and application of deep learning to NLP.

Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role with a large technology company.

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age
