Company: FedEx Services

Job Title: Sr. Data Scientist

Job Requisition Number: RC175603

Category: General

Locations:

Memphis, Tennessee 38125

United States

Provide expertise and leadership at the enterprise level related to vast quantities of data (including disparate data), enterprise analytics, statistical modeling, and initiatives. Leads staff in descriptive, predictive, prescriptive and ensemble modeling, advanced statistical techniques, use of database tools and/or other approaches in quantitative analysis of complex business situations. Creates and executes solutions from initial concept to fully tested production, and communicates results to a broad range of audiences. Advanced use of current and emerging technologies to evaluate trends and develop actionable insights and recommendations to management, via understanding of the business model and the information available for analysis. Uses data, statistical and quantitative analysis, explanatory and high complexity predictive modeling and fact based management to drive decision making. Mentors less senior staff. Leads cross functional teams. Routinely work on multiple highly complex assigments. Provides consultation to Sr. Leadership on a normal basis.

Skills/Knowledge Considered a Plus:

Extensive experience with delivering and enhancing Machine Learning applications.

Experience with ML Design, implementation, Data Analytics & predictive modeling.

Strong written and verbal communication skills.

Excellent ability to analyze, interpret, and communicate data and information in a clear and concise way to decision makers at all levels.

Strong hands on experience with Big Data technology stack Hadoop/MapReduce, Hive.

A strong background in data structures, algorithms and analysis of algorithm complexity.

Ability to quickly ramp up with AI, machine learning, deep learning, data mining, and/or data science; strong intellectual curiosity and passion about learning new technologies

Minimum Qualifications :

Masters degree or equivalent in a quantitative discipline required. five (5) years work experience in measurement and analysis, quantitative business problem solving, operations analysis, marketing analysis, simulation and/or predictive analytics. superior analytical skills with diverse analytics and statistical software and applications. excellent interpersonal skills, written, and oral communication skills. Proven leadership skills.

Domicile / Relocation Information:

This position will be domiciled in Memphis, Tennessee.

 Relocation assistance may be available for this position, but is based on business decision.

Application Criteria / Deadline:

Upload current copy of Resume and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00pm CST) on August 15, 2019.

Paycode:

SK

Want a career where you are empowered to make a difference? Want to work for a company that is environmentally responsible? Want to grow and develop on the job? If so, FedEx is the place for you! Every day FedEx delivers for its customers with transportation and business solutions. FedEx serves more than 220 countries and territories around the globe. We can serve this global network due to our outstanding team of FedEx employees. FedEx has over 400,000 talented employees who are tasked with making every FedEx experience outstanding. FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer.

Here are some of the recognitions FedEx has received from the past couple of years:

FORTUNE “World’s Most Admired Companies” – 2016

Corporate Responsibility Magazine “100 Best Corporate Citizens” – 2016

InformationWeek “Elite 100” – 2016

Women’s Business Enterprise National Council “America’s Top Corporations for Women’s Business Enterprises” - 2016

Reputation Institute “World’s Most Reputable Companies” – 2015

Black Enterprise “40 Best Companies For Diversity” – 2015

When 400,000 employees around the globe are all working together it is amazing what we can achieve! FedEx connects people and ideas. If you would like to make a difference on a global scale while receiving top notch benefits, competitive pay, and plenty of opportunities to develop, click ‘Apply’ and tell us more about yourself.

EEO Statement - FedEx is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer (minorities/females/disability/veterans) that is committed to diversifying its workforce.
