Introduction

As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.

Your Role and Responsibilities

IBM Global Business Services (GBS) is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants enabling enterprises to make smarter decisions and providing unparalleled client and consumer experiences in cognitive, data analytics, cloud technology and mobile app development. IBM GBS empowers clients to digitally reinvent their business and get the competitive edge in the cognitive era in over 170 countries.

Bottom line? We outthink ordinary. Discover what you can do at IBM.

We are seeking an experienced data scientist capable of conducting rigorous analysis on intelligence activities and performance related to counter-proliferation (CP) and weapons of mass destruction (WMD). The National Counterproliferation Center (NCPC) is the mission manager for the CP/WMD mission and develops strategy to the U.S. intelligence community (IC) CP program, assesses performance against that strategy, and implements key initiatives to advance the priorities in the strategy. The Data Scientist will be part of a team of IBM consultants/analysts and will provide full-time, on-site direct support to government personnel who require analytics expertise.

Duties include:

Developing requirements and approaches that will be used to assess the performance of NCPC and IC efforts, including coming up with ways to incorporate AI/ML methods to support mission analytics.

Gathering, analyzing, and portraying data in meaningful ways.

Supporting the team in improving and expanding its methods and tools.

Supporting senior decision makers in understanding complex CP/WMD issues.

BENEFITS

Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support, guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population.

http://www-01.ibm.com/employment/us/benefits/

https://www-03.ibm.com/press/us/en/pressrelease/50744.wss

CAREER GROWTH

Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal talent strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through:

Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills

Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employee’s strengths and career aspirations

Diversity of people: Diversity of thought driving collective innovation

In 2015, Go Organic filled approximately 50% of our open positions with internal talent that were promoted into the role.

CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP

With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients, and the communities we live, work, and play in!

http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/initiatives.html

http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/corporateservicecorps

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

US Citizen with active TS/SCI and CI Poly

Advanced skills in R and/or Python including running AI/ML algorithms against large datasets

5+ years of intelligence community experience, including a demonstrated familiarity with and working knowledge of intelligence community entities, missions, functions, and processes.

5+ years of experience in data science and/or machine learning, with an emphasis on Natural Language Processing

Demonstrated broad experience in quantitative and qualitative analysis methods, to include experience in the following: Quantitative data acquisition, processing, storage, retrieval, and analysis; Data analytics and data visualization. Intelligence evaluation, including the design and implementation of intelligence assessment criteria for determining intelligence value, team assessment processes, and creation of empirical analytics from data

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

MS in a data science-related field.

Full-scope Polygraph

Experience supporting the DNI.

Experience using Databricks or other cloud based analytic environments

About Business Unit

IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
