Geographic Information Services, Inc. (GISinc) is a small business whose core purpose is to create insight through spatial technology. This is an opportunity to work with one of the leading GIS consulting organizations. We are looking for technical people that want to tackle those tough to solve problems and strive for delivering solutions.

Candidates must be eligible for federal security clearance (DoD Secret) and proof of U.S. Citizenship is required.

Role: Geospatial Developer – Data Scientist

Role Summary: The function of the Geospatial Developer – Data Scientist is the design, development, and implementation of geospatial software solutions in ArcGIS Pro with an emphasis on statistical modeling. In addition, the ideal candidate will have experience using a variety of data mining/analysis methods, database development, and modeling and simulation algorithms.

Essential Functions:

Geospatial development in C#

Machine learning / Data Science development

Developing custom routines, viewers, and/or databases

Application design, development and collaboration in a distributed team environment using source control

Development and implementation of test plans and automated test scripts

Experience Required:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Geography/GIS, Engineering, Mathematics or related field*

1+ year's experience as a software developer**

Additional experience can be substituted for education

** Additional education can be substituted for years of experience

Ideal (in addition to required experience):

Experience with data science and the major Python data science packages

Demonstrated experience developing geospatial applications

Mathematical focus with coursework in linear algebra and statistical analysis

Application documentation including system design and technical specifications

Experience developing in a team environment

MCPD and/or Esri technical certifications

ArcGIS Pro development experience

Competencies and Skills:

Outstanding problem-solving skills

Exceptional customer service orientation.

Outstanding written and oral communication skills including translating technical concepts into layman's terms.

Demonstrated ability to work productively with a wide range of people.

Able to coordinate with program stakeholders.

Self-motivated, pro-active, and ability to multi-task in a high paced environment.

Work Environment:

Location: Offices in Birmingham AL; Alexandria, VA; or work from home considered

Travel approximately 10% of the time

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
