Job Description

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) businesses build enduring client relationships through sound, thoughtful and objective advice. We help our clients by developing individualized plans for everything from retirement goals to business succession planning, to family legacy intentions. Services include comprehensive planning and advice, investment management, brokerage, private banking, estate planning strategies, trust, and both individual and institutional retirement.

The Wealth and Investment Management (WIM) Risk Data, Analytics, and Decision Sciences team is seeking a highly motivated and data driven individual with strong analytical and problem solving skills. WIM Risk Data, Analytics, and Decision Sciences is comprised of client focused business leaders who transcend staff function roles by enabling actionable insights, metrics and information that informs business choices and drives measurable results across the WIM division.

This position requires both critical thinking and communication skills. These skills will be used to build data-driven risk mitigation strategies by systematically identifying current and emerging risk & compliance behaviors. The successful candidate will work closely with a cross-functional team composed of experts from Risk and Compliance to define, prioritize, and address surveillance-related needs in areas such as operational risk, customer complaints, email surveillance, elder financial abuse and fraud risk management.

Key responsibilities include and not limited to:

Utilizing a strong technical, analytical skill set to navigate multiple databases in order to extract the data necessary to perform complex analyses.

Developing predictive models and/or performing advanced statistical analysis to detect high risk activities utilizing both structured and unstructured data.

Enhancing and monitoring automated email data extraction/filtering processes

Interacting and effectively communicating with a variety of technical and non-technical team members; taking time to understand business needs while providing a data driven approach to problem solving and convey findings into compelling visual context.

Required Qualifications

6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling

Desired Qualifications

Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills

Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis

Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy

Other Desired Qualifications

Proficiency in programming and data manipulation using SAS, SQL, and R

Experience in text analytics, predictive model development, model validation and model performance tracking

Advanced degree in quantitative discipline such as math, statistics, physics, economics, etc.

Experience with compliance/fraud risk management

Experience working on predictive modeling; understanding of regression, machine learning, and other statistical procedures / techniques

Ability to gather, analyze, package, and present analytical findings in an insightful and logical manner

Ability to manage multiple, complex projects simultaneously

Job Expectations

Ability to travel up to 5% of the time

Street Address

AZ-PHX-Northwest Phoenix: 11601 N Black Canyon Hwy - Phoenix, AZ

MO-Saint Louis: 1 N Jefferson Ave - Saint Louis, MO

NC-Charlotte: 401 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.

Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.

WEALTH INV MGMT/WIM PSI
