[24]7.ai is a leader in the Conversational AI market, with over 250+ Fortune 500/1000 customers. We continue to transform our business to drive greater value to our team, shareholders, customers through new product development and market growth.

We are looking for an energetic, unstoppable Chief Data Scientist in either, San Jose, CA, Toronto or Bangalore to join our team! Reporting into COO, you will help bring new [24]7.ai products with predictive and goal-oriented capabilities to market.

The Chief Data Scientist has responsibility for leading the research, development, and delivery of big data, predictive voice, and online solutions for powering our conversational AI platform. You will lead the strategy for our AI technology roadmap and deploy global solutions incorporating our advanced predictive models to meet client business metrics. You will manage a cross-geo team of Data Scientists and analysts. Your role is highly influential within the company setting the AI R&D roadmap and evangelizing the vision internally and externally for our AI technology. You will also interface cross-functionally with other key organizations including Product Engineering, Product Management, Marketing, and Sales facilitating discussions on roadmaps, leading customer workshops, speaking with industry analysts, and being hands-on in the selling of our capability. This role also involves significant client interactions, as Chief Data Scientist.

You will be expected to be an advocate for [24]7.ai's Speech / AI product set and its benefits - driving demand and usage of our offerings. You will partner closely with teams across the organization, specifically Product, Sales, and Marketing to establish positioning and messaging, build product launch strategies, run and analyze product releases, develop sales enablement content, and drive customer engagement through ongoing marketing programs.

-

How will you make an impact?

-

Lead the Data Sciences teams in the development and delivery of big data, predictive technologies in the areas of Artificial Intelligence (AI), Natural Language Processing (NLP), Conversational Interfaces, User Profiles, Speech Recognition, Text and Data Mining, Sentiment Analysis, Personalization, and Online targeting.

Define and articulate the AI vision, R&D roadmap as well as develop standardized solution components and predictive models to accelerate our customer delivery time.

Incorporate Data Standardization across channels, models and journeys.

Work jointly with products on architecting and developing the next generation conversational platform to allow extension of existing form based chatbot interfaces to fully conversational systems.

Work closely with clients providing strategic leadership and direction, analyzing current metrics and funnels, developing roadmaps for optimization, and improving their KPIs for automation / uplifts.

Responsible for meeting and exceeding financial targets for billable utilization, ACV, and TTR.

Responsible for meeting and exceeding client business objectives for optimizing CSAT, NPS, self-service rates, and sales conversion targets.

Actively support Sales and Marketing in responding to RFPs, supporting sales calls, delivering presentations, fielding questions from analysts, leading webinars, and traveling onsite to support sales meetings.

Responsible for sizing new sales opportunities including developing the LOE for delivery, estimating expected containment rates for self-service and conversion rates for sales, and providing timelines for delivery.

Responsible for working with Finance on billing metrics and reports ensuring Finance has the data and support they need.

Responsible for working with Legal reviewing contracts and ensuring outcome-based formulas and associated containment / conversion rates are numbers the team can deliver.

High level of travel is required. Both International (~20%) and Domestic travel (within US) ( >35%) is required. Significant support for sales meetings and onsite support at client sites for QBRs, kickoffs, escalations.

Responsible for hiring top talent and building teams leading the next generation AI solutions.

-

Requirements

-

PhD in Computer Science and Engineering (SAS is a plus) with emphasis in Machine Learning

10+ years industry experience developing machine learning models at scale owning from inception to deployment with proven business impact

Strong knowledge in AI real-time data prediction

10+ years industry experience leading and managing client engagements and meeting targets for TTR, SSR, RPC, FCR, NPS, and AOV

Proven track record of leading high-performance teams with 5+ years' experience successfully managing large cross-geo teams in Data Sciences and Professional Services

Strong publication record (IEEE) including articles in peer reviewed journals and experience presenting at peer-reviewed industry conferences

Demonstrated customer skills and excellent presentation skills

Strong execution with the ability to be hands-on, designing processes and systems, digging into the details and operating comfortably in a cross-geo environment

#LI-OC1
