Position Description

We are seeking a Senior Data Scientist professional in our Sunnyvale, CA office.

Duties: Use data science methods to dynamically modify keyword and product ad bids across top search engine providers. Optimize ad spend on RoAS while ensuring as many items from Wal-Mart’s catalogue undergo conversion at scale to maintain traffic quality regardless of amount of ad spend. Responsible for building data pipelines and API integrations as well as building internal tool to provide business partners with control and visibility of SEM operations. Work with the SEM team to drive continuous optimization of PPC ad spend on search engines by increasing transparency of outcomes of algorithms’ decisions. Perform advanced visualizations of data. Provide analytic support to evaluate strategies or validate hypotheses using extremely diverse sets of historical data. Explore different SEM ad formats and strategies, run A/B tests and identify additional sources of revenue and profit while preserving the RoAS.

#LI-DNP; #LI-DNI

Minimum Qualifications

Minimum education and experience required: Master’s degree or equivalent in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Information Systems, or related field and 2 years of analytics or data science experience; OR Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Information Systems or related field and 5 years of analytics or data science experience.

Skills required: Experience working with big data systems Hadoop and Hive. Experience writing complex queries to extract data from relational database system MySQL. Experience with exploratory data analysis and data deep dives. Experience with creating data visualization dashboard Tableau. Experience with setting up A/B tests. Experience with programming in Python and R. Demonstrated knowledge of statistical modeling techniques including multivariate regression and hypothesis testing. Demonstrated knowledge of machine learning algorithms, classification, regression, clustering, and dimensionality reduction techniques. Experience with version control systems including Git to manage code check-ins. Experience with Linux/Unix environments and shell scripting/automation. Employer will accept any amount of experience with the required skills.

Wal-Mart is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Additional Preferred Qualifications

#LI-DNP; #LI-DNI

Company Summary

The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission.

Position Summary

We are seeking a Senior Data Scientist professional in our Sunnyvale, CA office.
