Description

As an independent group of companies, the BMW Group has a commitment to creativity and breakthrough ideas that goes well beyond the racetrack. In order to continuously create ultimate driving machines, we drive our growth and design excellence by staffing our teams with individuals who are innovative and always looking for the next great idea. If you share our vision and view yourself as an independent, creative thinker, we invite you to join our team in this exceptional role located in Woodcliff Lake, NJ.

Responsibilities:

Act as a business consultant for the use of Data Analytics to drive business decisions, business strategy.

Translating business needs to technical requirements and implementation.

Do something about cleansing, manipulation, feature extraction and analysis on data sets.

Apply data science approaches and methodologies (such as Neural Nets,

Bayesian methods, SVM etc.) to improve business outcomes.

Initiate ideas and develop related model with R, Python or Scala.

Design elegant data visualizations to present complex analysis and insights to customers with Tableau or other related tools.

Effectively communicate with leadership and other various levels of the organization.

Collaborating actively and effectively with other people to accomplish project objectives.

Develop the data analysis model according to business scenarios.

Evaluate the method and technical solution of data analytics projects.

Share the data science knowledge to other team members and build up the productive internal knowhow.

Join the team at BMW of North America and enjoy a high-performance employment package which includes:

Company paid Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance.

Employee car program.

401(k) Savings Plan.

Retirement Income Account.

What are you waiting for...jump into the driver's seat and apply for the Data Scientist today!

Qualifications and Experience

Minimum Requirements:

Masters in Computer Science, Mathematics/Statistics with finance background/forensic/actuary.

2+ years post university experience in advanced analytics in the fields of data science and applying specific data analytics methods in retail/finance/customer and social media as example.

Strong skills in mathematics/statistics or related finance audit and actuary experience will be preferred.

Expert knowledge in conducting statistical analytics (statistical modeling, clustering, predictive analytics).

Expert knowledge in one or more business intelligence and data discovery systems: QlikView, Tableau, MAPD etc.

Advanced knowledge and experience in Computer Science, Machine Learning and Algorithms.

Expert knowledge of in one or more of the following programming languages: Python, Java, C++.

Advanced knowledge in database technologies: SQL, Oracle, SQLServer, SAP HANA and NoSQL databases.

Advanced experience in statistical languages and tools in particular R modules and equivalents.

Advanced experience in Big Data Infrastructures: Hadoop and ecosystem (Hive, HBase, Splunk, Pivotal, Teradata etc.).

Expert ability to manage ETL and data streaming from multiple sources.

BMW NA is an EO employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
