The opportunity

At Grammarly, we believe that everyone should be heard and understood. We know that clear and effective communication improves people’s lives—and we want to help everyone improve their communication. That’s why we’ve built an AI-powered writing assistant: to help the world’s 2 billion English speakers feel more confident in communicating clearly and effectively. So far, we’ve created a product used by more than 20 million people around the world every day. Join us to reach the next 100 million.

To get to that goal, we’re looking for a product manager to join our Product team. The position will work closely with the growth marketers, engineers, and designers to improve our products and drive aggressive user and revenue growth.

The team

The Product team is a lean, high-performing team that directly impacts user acquisition, engagement, retention, and monetization for our expanding product suite. The Product team plays a critical and central role in Grammarly’s product development, collaborating with marketers, engineers, and designers.

As a product manager, you will define features that will delight our users and drive our growth. You will do so by analyzing data, researching market trends, running experiments, and producing clear requirements for engineering teams.

Your impact

Within your first 30 days, you will get familiar with our product development processes and tools. You’ll take over one to two projects toward the end of your first month.

By month three, you will start taking ownership of projects for the Product team.

By month six, you’ll be working with the design, growth marketing, and engineering teams to ship and test new features in production.

By month nine, you will be responsible for coming up with new ideas, prioritizing the backlog for features and experiments, creating specs for new features, and working with designers and engineers to build and launch them.

This is the right opportunity for you if

You embody our E.A.G.E.R. values (Ethical, Adaptable, Gritty, Empathetic, Remarkable).

You have experience working collaboratively with cross-functional teams and coordinating dependencies/cross-team projects.

You can break things down into smaller pieces, scope MVPs, and focus on shipping frequently.

You are able to make complex things easy and clear to different stakeholders, and you can facilitate clear communication between business, product, and engineering teams to create effective and engaging narratives.

You can understand company-wide priorities, assess value and effort of new features, and prioritize projects accordingly.

You can make data-driven product decisions, define the right metrics, use data to measure success, and create—and learn from—feedback loops.

You have a solid technical background (a computer science degree or relevant work experience).

It almost goes without saying that we’ll offer you

Big goals, challenging work, fast learning cycles, practical training, and meaningful feedback.

Project exposure and ownership that impact our world, users, product, colleagues, and business.

Health care, communication coaching, and great coworkers!

Our commitment to diversity

The diverse experiences, ideas, and identities of Grammarly’s team members help us make better decisions and drive great results for our users. We foster an inclusive work environment that welcomes team members of all backgrounds and perspectives. As an equal opportunity employer, we evaluate candidates based solely on talents, skills, and knowledge. Grammarly participates in E-Verify.
