Description

Equinox Consulting Partners is seeking a Data Scientist to guide and inspire the organization about the business potential and strategy of artificial intelligence (AI)/data science. The Data Scientist will identify data-driven/ML business opportunities and collaborate across the business to understand IT and business constraints.

Responsibilities

The data science team will play a pivotal role in planning, executing and delivering machine learning-based projects to improve highway safety, reduce congestion and improve business processes. The bulk of the work will be in machine learning (ML) modelling, management and problem analysis, data exploration and data correlation and clustering. The Data Scientist will be a key interface between the office of strategic innovations and analytics teams and leadership in the business units, and the information technology division. Candidates need to be very much self-driven, curious and creative. Primary Responsibilities:

Guide and inspire the organization about the business potential and strategy of artificial intelligence (AI)/data science. Identify data-driven/ML business opportunities.

Collaborate across the business to understand IT and business constraints.

Acquire access to various databases, and other source systems.

Help to create data pipelines for more efficient and repeatable data science projects.

Apply statistical analysis and visualization techniques to various data.

Network with domain experts to better understand the business mechanics that generated the data.

Apply various ML and advanced analytics techniques to perform classification or prediction tasks.

Integrate domain knowledge into the ML solution. Collaborate with ML operations (MLOps), data engineers, and IT to evaluate and implement ML deployment options.

Continuously monitor execution and health of production ML models. Establish best practices around ML production infrastructure

Requirements

Specialization in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Science, or Data Science (6 years highly desired)

Coding knowledge and experience in R, Python/Jupyter, SAS, Java, Scala, C++, MATLAB, etc. (6 years highly desired)
