About Us

Venmo was founded on the principles of breaking down the intimidating barriers around financial transactions to make them intuitive, friendly, and even fun. And it worked: people love sending money with Venmo, and we're growing by leaps and bounds!

But we're only just getting started. We want to take that magic of sending money with Venmo and cascade it into every place where people use money. That means connecting people to their money in the most intuitive and fun way possible, then connecting people with each other. Users already love Venmo, but we know there are lots of things we haven't thought of to make the experience of using Venmo even more delightful and valuable. All that's going to take a lot of figuring out. Let's figure it out together!

Data Analytics at Venmo

Analytics plays a crucial role across Venmo. We approach problems inquisitively and with a desire to find solutions in our data. We believe that Analytics should drive business decisions across the company in order to keep our product simple, joyful, and delightful.

Data Scientist at Venmo

Venmo is looking for a curious, proactive, and organized analyst to work collaboratively with the various teams across the organization. You should be "full-stack"; equally capable of orchestrating data pipelines using infrastructure built by data engineers, digging through data to uncover novel insights, and convincing others by presenting those insights in a clear and concise way.

As a member of the Analytics team, you'll drive critical business decisions, build out our analytical capabilities, and work on perplexing problems. You'll become a thought leader, and an integral part of a company that makes payments fun!

What You'll Do

Design and analyze experiments to support product development

Define and evaluate key metrics and understand what moves them and why

Model the lifetime value of our users

Write ETL to aggregate data out of disparate sources

What We're Looking For

4+ years experience in an analytical or technical role

SQL guru, and experience in an analytical programming language (Python or R)

2+ years experience with self-service BI tools (e.g. Tableau, Looker)

Strong analytical intuition and business acumen

Ability to define relevant metrics and communicate them clearly to cross functional partners of varying technical levels to influence appropriate and accurate decisions

We know the confidence gap ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/05/the-confidence-gap/359815/ ) and imposter syndrome ( https://www.braintreepayments.com/blog/overcoming-imposter-syndrome/ ) can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please don't hesitate to apply.
