Job Overview:

The Associate Data Scientist develops and executes statistical and mathematical solutions to business problems within the context of well-defined procedures. Design, develop and program methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse big data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions to optimize the customer experience across all touch points. Smaller projects will be assigned that support business decision making for one or more business functions. Perform other duties as assigned.

Essential Functions:

Develop and code software programs, algorithms, mathematical approaches and automated processes to solve business problems.

Use analytical rigor and statistical methods, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation and advanced mathematics to analyze large amounts of data, recognizing patterns, identifying opportunities, posing business questions and making valuable discoveries.

Research new ways for modeling and predictive behavior.

Generate and test hypotheses, designing experiments to answer targeted questions of moderate complexity.

Define data needs, evaluate data quality, and extract/manipulate data in a “Big Data” environment.

Document projects including business objective, data gathering and processes, leading approaches, final algorithm, detailed set of results and analytical metrics. Interprets and communicates insights and findings.

Consistently demonstrate regular, dependable attendance & punctuality.

Decision Making:

Determine tools, techniques and makes recommendation based on data interpretation.

Exercise judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action.

Qualifications:

Education/Experience:

Master’s Degree in Applied Statistics/Mathematics/Physics and Operations Research or Computer, Science and less than 2 years related experience.

Statistical techniques such as predictive statistical models, customer profiling, segmentation analysis, survey design and analysis, and data mining

Experience working with large datasets in a ‘Big Data’ environment, preferably in retail/e-commerce or other customer facing industry

Experience with extraction and manipulation of relational databases (SQL) Programming and analytical experience in major analytics software packages (SAS, R, Python, SPSS, Matlab, Pearl, Linear, etc.)

Communication Skills:

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

Ability to read, write, and interpret business and technical documents.

Ability to communicate complex information.

Mathematical Skills:

Statistical knowledge, including experience with application of statistic to predictive analytics, probabilistic modeling, and unstructured text analysis.

Reasoning Ability:

Receive general supervision under well-defined procedures.

Projects are smaller in scope and moderate in complexity.

Physical Demands:

This position involves regular walking, standing, sitting for extended periods of time, hearing, and talking.

May occasionally involve stooping, kneeling, or crouching.

May involve close vision, color vision, depth perception, focus adjustment, and viewing computer monitor for extended periods of time.

Involves manual dexterity for using keyboard, mouse, and other office equipment.

May involve moving or lifting items under 10 pounds.

Other Skills:

Strong attention to detail when identifying data relationships, trends, and anomalies.

Ability to generate quick, iterative solutions to a business problems, from online marketing to merchandising; exposure to unstructured data sets, cloud based architectures, and deployment frameworks for machine learning algorithms (e.g. Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Mahout, etc.).

Ability to take initiative and deliver tangible results under deadlines.

Flexibility to work across all functions/levels as part of a dynamic team.

Work Hours:

Ability to work a flexible schedule based on department and company needs.

Company Profile:

Macy’s Inc. is one of the nation’s premier retailers. With fiscal 2016 sales of $25.778 billion and approximately 140,000 employees, the company operates more than 700 department stores under the nameplates Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s, and approximately 125 specialty stores that include Bloomingdale’s The Outlet, Bluemercury and Macy’s Backstage. Macy’s, Inc. operates stores in 45 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico, as well as macys.com, bloomingdales.com and bluemercury.com. Bloomingdale’s stores in Dubai and Kuwait are operated by Al Tayer Group LLC under license agreements. Macy’s, Inc. has corporate offices in Cincinnati, Ohio and New York, New York.

This job description is not all inclusive. Macy’s Inc. reserves the right to amend this job description at any time. Macy's Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment.
