At Datadog, we’re on a mission to build the best monitoring platform in the world. We operate at high scale—trillions of data points per day—and high availability, providing always-on alerting, visualization, and tracing for our customers' infrastructure and applications around the globe.

Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way. We need you to design and build machine learning-powered products that help our customers learn from their data and make better decisions in real-time.

You will have a fantastic team of data engineers to support you, a collaborative environment to encourage your work, and the best technologies for performing data science at high scale in your toolkit.

Join us to build powerful, intelligent data systems. In a typical week as a Data Scientist, you might:

Present the latest academic research papers to your team.

Research and benchmark the latest algorithms that can be used for our particular use-cases.

Apply machine learning algorithms and statistical techniques to build new product features.

Deploy a new feature to production, instantly affecting customers with your work.

Mentor other data scientists on your team.

Explore and find meaning in extremely high volumes of data.

Investigate and fix a production issue from a service your team owns.

Requirements

You have backend programming experience in one or more languages.

You care about code simplicity and performance.

You have mastered working with data in a language such as Python, R, or Julia.

You can explain complex ideas and algorithms in understandable ways.

You have significant experience applying machine learning to real business problems.

You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience.

You want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment and thrive on autonomy.

You are fluent with SQL / relational algebra.

Bonus points

You’ve done data science at high scale with tools like Hadoop and Spark.

You’ve written production data pipelines.

You’re familiar with time series analysis.
