Do you have a passion for Data? Do you dream of working with customers on their most forward looking AI initiatives? Does the challenge of developing modern machine learning solutions to solve real-world business problems sound exciting to you? Are you looking for a diverse and inclusive environment that will enable you to do your best work?

If the answer is yes, then we want you to join our Applied ML team. You will be leading a team of talented data scientists working with customers on high impact projects in a variety of industries. You will encounter a wide variety of data types, from retail and financial transactions to machine telemetry, free text, images and video. Working alongside world-class software engineers and architects, you will be using the best of breed internal and open source tools to analyze data, build models, and put those into production. You will have the opportunity to present your solutions at top industry events.

Our team, CSE (Commercial Software Engineering), works side by side with customers to help them tackle their toughest technical problems both in the cloud and on the edge. We meet customers where they are, work in the languages they use, with the open source frameworks they use, on the operating systems they use. We work with enterprises and startups across many industries from financial services to manufacturing, as well as a broad spectrum of domains including IoT, machine learning, and high scale compute. Our "super power" is that we work closely with both our customers’ engineering and data science teams and Microsoft’s product engineering teams, developing real-world expertise that we put to use to help our customers grow their business and help Microsoft improve our products and services.

We are very community focused in our work, with one foot in Microsoft and one foot in the open source communities. We make pull requests on open source projects to add support for Microsoft platforms and/or improve existing implementations. We build frameworks and other tools to make it easier for developers and data scientists to use Microsoft platforms. We build on thoughts and ideas of others by maintaining very deep connections with these communities, customers and partners that use them.

Does this job sound like it was created for you? If you have read this far, then it likely is the job you have been looking for and we would love to meet you.

Responsibilities

The primary function of this role will be to lead a group of data scientists that work closely with the software development engineers to define use case scenarios, data metrics, ML models, and production quality CI/CD data pipelines

Leaderships/Management Responsibilities

Business Leadership – 10+ years of experience in being a leader in the data science field and multiple years of experience as a people manager.

Engineering leadership – Hire, manage, and grow a thriving team of scientists and be a role model for technical excellence and customer quality

Drive – Passion to turn vision into detailed plans and execute against complex plans. Proven track record in putting solutions into production.

Collaborate – Partner engineering team to manage dependencies, jointly deliver, and continuously improve our engineering capabilities

Culture – Contribute to a team culture that embraces diversity and inclusion and makes your team awesome place to work

Qualifications

Required:

5+ years of people management experience

10+ years of hands-on experience with data science and analytics in business context

Preferred:

Masters or PhD in Data Science, Mathematics, Operational research or related field

Experience with product and service big data telemetry systems

Significant experience in Data Science and Machine Learnings with a strong proven track record in delivering positive business impact

Strong knowledge in applied statistics and mathematics

Experience managing teams

Significant experience of analytical programming languages such as R and/or Python.

Enjoy discovering and solving problems; proactively seeking clarification of requirements and direction; being a self-starter who takes responsibility when required.

Superior interpersonal, verbal, visual and written communication and presentation skills, ability to communicate complex findings in a simple manner to executives

Ability to work collaboratively across multiple business and engineering teams

A willingness to learn, share, and improve.

CSE-FY20

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
