Job Summary:

The Splunk Data Analytics and Business Intelligence Data Scientist – Assistant Director drives forward the Business Value Creation based on the Splunk Analytics platform within Enterprise Workplace Technology (EWT). The role is a Customer Success Management (CSM) with the aim to show the added value for the Client side and the Return of Investment for EY.

The person in this key role liaise with the internal EY clients to analyze their business needs and demands and transfer this in valuable analytics presented in dashboards that create strong business value. The Data Scientist has a background in business analytics, software engineering and statistical analysis. He or she will be required to clearly understand business requirements, create a strong business case and requirements documentation as well as the validation of the result.

Paired business analytic capabilities with statistical techniques, very well understanding of Machine Learning capabilities and Artificial Intelligence with regards to Splunk Enterprise makes you a perfect candidate. The Data Scientist has to be familiar with Python or R. Knowing and understanding the available SAS solution is a clear advantage. Thanks to these interests, he/she can easily master solutions for EY which the Splunk dash boarding resources or power users can implement.

The role participates in business reviews, develops specifications to meet engineering requirements aligned to new products or services being introduced as well as for changes to current applications and other core components of the IT infrastructure.

The role is expected to analyze, plan, research, evaluate, design and document appropriate solutions.

The role is an individual contributor, though they are often asked to manage project aligned teams in their collaborative efforts and to coach less seasoned members of the team in directives. The role is managed by the Service Owner / Service Manager of the Enterprise Log Management and Analytics (ELMA) service.

Essential Functions of the Job:

Supports the best practices in engineering, design planning, development and aligned project management of all build activities for a specific new or existing application or system within EY.

Understands the Business requirements of the EY Clients as well as the capabilities the Splunk Analytic tool provides.

Map business needs and demands into dashboard requirements which can be implemented with the available tools.

Partners and works with the business and external vendors to ascertain and plan the proposed solutions/dashboards to meet and achieve the identified and agreed values.

Excellent communication skills. Identifies and communicates to the appropriate business leads the necessary delivery of components within the EY infrastructure and aligned configuration of same needed to support the engineering deliverable.

Support the alignment of the engineering plan with business priorities so that new designs and build plans as well as the budgeted spending is maintained throughout the development lifecycle. Supports the appropriate communication of accomplishments according to plan as well as notifies all of variances or contingencies in any aspect of the agreed design plan as they are identified.

Supports, as a point of contact, the engineering build–out work in progress and aligned service or application design activities by working with external engineers at the vendor locations, peers within the business as well as management.

Supports appropriate compilation and documentation of the business requirements the engineering/development activities to appropriately capture all actions and activities. Validate the result.

Supports best practices in engineering/development solutions within the depth and breadth of the assigned business component of EY.

Improve predictive analytic and performance analytics capabilities.

Analytical/Decision Making Responsibilities:

The role requires an analytical acumen and solution orientation to probe for understanding and to make role appropriate decisions to address the nuances of assigned applications and/or services in current use across geographic regions or to solution within same. The role requires consultative questioning, influence management and critical thinking skills to understand a current directive and identify and design viable engineering solutions that are both cost effective and supporting the value to the business. The role needs to drive the priority and time management of their own efforts and others (as applicable in group efforts) as well as communicate results and findings to affected individuals/business units and management as and when appropriate or necessary.

Knowledge and Skills Requirements:

Desire and ability to thrive in a fast-paced, highly demanding, dynamic business and information technology environment.

Customer service orientation

Excellent knowledge in Splunk (Splunk for Analytics and Data Science Certified)

Significant Data Analytic skill (Business Analytic skills)

Relevant technical and delivery experience within, or working as a consultant/advisor to, a financial services organization

Experience in the following products: IBM Watson platform (Conversation & Text to speech), Azure Machine Learning or Google Cloud Machine Learning.

Experience in building AI and Machine learning models – Natural Language Processing (NLP), Natural Language Generation (NLG), Deep Learning (Voice and Image recognition) and Neural Networks.

Experience in building models in R, C++, Java or Python programming languages and libraries.

Strong communication, presentation and business and technical writing skills

The ability to provide excellent client service and manage and build strong relationships both internally and externally, coupled with a strong interest in further developing and integrating operations with technology skills

Awareness of emerging issues, including regulations, industry practices and new technologies

Supervision Responsibilities:

The role is generally an individual contributor but can and will operate as a lead and therefore manage specific engineering projects and activities. The role may be asked to mentor and guide across time zones and cultures and maintain effective and efficient oversight of all aligned activities. The role itself is generally guided by the Enterprise Log Management and Analytics (ELMA) Service Owner/Manager.

Other Requirements:

The role may also require the periodic allocation of additional time on the job to support multiple demands and escalating issues or to accommodate teams or staff in other time zones.

Job Requirements:

Education:

Bachelor’s Degree or equivalency (CS, CE, CIS, IS, MIS, or engineering discipline)

Experience:

8+ years overall IT industry experience

3+ years in an engineering role using service and hosting solutions such as private/public cloud IaaS, PaaS and SaaS platforms.

Splunk Architect or Equivalent

3+ years functional knowledge of programming scripting and data science languages such as JavaScript, Python, R, PowerShell, SQL, .NET, Ruby, PERL, C++, DJANGO Framework is a plus

2+ years CI/CD delivery using code management, configuration management and automation tools such as GitHub, VSTS, Ansible, DSC, Puppet, Ambari, Chef, Salt, Jenkins, Maven, etc.

Experience with any of the following: Azure, O365, Azure Stack, Azure AD

Application of AI, Cognitive and Data Science technologies such as Azure Machine Learning, Cognitive Services, Text Analytics API, Face API, Computer Vision API, Bot Service, Anaconda, Jupyter, TensorFlow, R, Spark, Neural Networks, NLP, NLG, TTS, Watson, etc.

Certification Requirements:

Splunk for Analytics and Data Science Certified

Microsoft Professional Program in Data Science would be beneficial

EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
