About GoPro

GoPro makes it easy for people to celebrate and share experiences. We believe life is more meaningful when shared. We build cameras, software, and accessories that help the world share itself in immersive and exciting ways.

GoPro is a global movement whose business is driven by shared experiences. We celebrate diversity. We practice inclusion. We foster belonging. We demand equality. And we share the experiences of individuals and communities who also hold these values as core to who they are. From Bucharest to Munich, Silicon Valley to Shenzhen, we are dedicated to building a company that reflects and honors the diverse global communities where we live, work, and play.

GoPro is seeking a motivated candidate to take on the responsibilities of a Product Analyst, supporting our Product Teams. You will be a part of the Analytics & Data Science Team, working cross-functionally with our product hardware, software, and subscription services teams. Key responsibilities include but are not limited to working collaboratively with product teams, supporting their ad hoc, automated reporting and analytics deep-dive needs.

Responsibilities

Support camera, mobile, and subscription services teams with automated reporting and analytics

Discover and communicate relevant insights to key stakeholders for smarter decision making

Explore opportunities for combining internal and external data sources to discuover insights

Support requirements gathering and data engineering efforts related to building analytics data sets

Required Qualifications

BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience

3 years of experience working with Python and/or R

Experience articulating product questions and leveraging SQL to extract and analyze data

Ability to translate analysis results into business recommendations, and excellent written and verbal communication skills

Preferred Qualifications

Master's degree in a quantitative field such as; Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Sciences

Experience in scripting with SQL, extracting large sets of data, and design of ETL flows

Interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends and applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation

GoPro Highlights

Fully-stocked kitchen with snacks galore

Live it. Eat it. Love it. – Two dedicated hours during your week to explore your passions and capture it with your GoPro.

Get your very own GoPro (Mounts and accessories included)

Discounted employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)

401(K) matching

Discretionary Time Off

12 weeks paid Parental Leave for new parents

Medical, dental, and vision insurance – premiums are 100% paid for employees, 80% paid for dependents

Life insurance and disability benefits

Employee commuter shuttles

GoPro is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
