Are you looking for a friendly, fast-paced workplace with an emphasis on helping customers and empowering team members? Snap Finance is a thriving leader in the financial services industry, and our team members are the foundation of our success. Snap knows that happy, empowered, and engaged team members are essential to innovation and business success- and our approach is working. Come join us!

Snap Finance is a rapidly growing FinTech company focused on digital disruption in the $1+ trillion financial service industry. Our proprietary technology platform and machine-learning decisioning algorithms are changing the face and pace of consumer retail finance. FinTech is the combination of technology and finance and is at the forefront of the next generation of emerging disruptive technologies with the ability to democratize the lending process for all consumers. Snap has a strong supportive culture and is dedicated to its customers, merchant partners, and team members.

Our employees are modern day shopkeepers that blend traditional steadfast commitment to service and top results with the speed and energy of today. We take ownership of our responsibilities and are accountable for our actions.

We are looking for a Data Scientist to join our growing team of analytics experts. This person will be responsible for maintaining and building customized dashboards and data visualizations. The Data Scientist’s responsibilities include meeting with business users to collect requirements and building scalable and reliable tools that add visibility into the organization. An ideal candidate should be eager to use visualization and data to tell a story and provide insight across the business.

The Job...

Support and maintain business intelligence architecture (Shiny Server, Rstudio Connect, etc.)

Work with stakeholders in Collections, Fraud, and Marketing teams to add visibility into their processes

Storytelling with data and visualizations

Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.

Build dashboards to help the teams across various departments to take data driven decisions in their business processes.

Assemble data sets that meet functional and non-functional business requirements

You...

Bachelor’s degree, or higher, in Computer Science or other STEM field

2+ years of relevant experience or a master’s degree (internship experience is OK)

Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working with a variety of databases

Solid experience with R and shiny/shinydashboard

Experience with Python

Analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets

Strong organizational, problem-solving, project management, verbal and interpersonal skills.

Experience with data visualization toolkits and techniques (e.g. Shiny, D3.js, etc.).

Experience with web development technologies to build REST APIs using Flask framework.

Must be in or willing to relocate to the Salt Lake City metro area.

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Top notch communication

Team-oriented but able to complete tasks independently at a high standard

Structured, organized and detail-oriented

Proactive, enthusiastic and flexible

Fluency in English, both in oral and written form

Ability to take projects from conceptualization to implementation

Must be able to work onsite in our Salt Lake City office

Why You’ll Love It Here…

Generous paid time off

Competitive medical, dental & vision coverage

401K with company match

Company-paid life insurance + supplemental options

Company-paid short-term disability

Long term disability and legal coverage

Pet insurance, free snacks, and fun events

A value-based culture where growth opportunities are endless

More…

Snap values diversity, and all qualified applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

Learn more by visiting our website at www.snapfinance.com
