Lead and support various projects to power personalization, recommendation, and content discovery: Work with marketing, product, and merchandising teams to define problem statements. Create a project plan to efficiently solve business problems. Communicate project status accurately and in a timely manner. Ensure that projects adhere to established standards and methodology practices. Facilitate problem solving and escalations to maintain the schedule. Identify internal and external data sources to help answer the question. Gather, clean, and transform data to use in analysis. Explore data to increase understanding of customer behaviors, attitudes, and preferences. Build and maintain state-of-the-art statistical procedures, algorithms, and models in Python and/or R to solve a range of problems in diverse domains including marketing & personalization, and site merchandising. Conduct experiments to test the effectiveness of models. Design and deploy algorithmic solutions to better meet the needs of customers. Use analytical models to reduce uncertainty and drive key decisions across the organization: Understand the customer lifecycle; generate actionable insights and recommendations to ultimately increase revenue. Be aware of micro and macro-economic trends and their impact on the business. Create compelling presentations for both internal and external customers using (D3.js, R Shiny, Looker, Tableau or similar) Clearly and concisely present strategic and tactical recommendations. Work cross-functionally to increase data sophistication: Establish trust and a collaborative working relationship with cross-functional teams across the organization. Be the go-to person when cross-functional teams have questions about user behavior. Develop an in-depth knowledge of data sources relevant to each function. Identify areas that could be optimized with increased access to data and work with teams to integrate models into their daily workflows. Demonstrate team leadership: Be a great team player that everyone enjoys working with and cross-functional team members look up to. Lead by example and provide on-going mentorship and guidance to a team of data scientists and analysts. Foster a culture of continuous improvement with a focus on providing solutions and delivering results. Ensure the accuracy and relevance of the team's deliverables. Qualifications Master's/Ph.D. Degree in Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistical Computing or equivalent. 5+ years of prior experience in a role with heavy emphasis on data analysis and metrics development required. 5+ years of hands-on experience analyzing and interpreting data, drawing conclusions, defining recommended actions, and reporting results across diverse stakeholders. 5+ years of SQL development skills writing complex queries. 5+ years experience in Big Data tools such as MapReduce, PIG, and HIVE, with extensive experience working with Spark. 5+ years of hands-on project management experience. 5+ years of experience with data visualization tools (D3.js, R Shiny, Looker, Tableau or similar). 5+ years of experience deploying algorithms in a production environment using Java, Scala or Python. 5+ years of experience with packages such as R or Python. 3+ years of experience working with AWS. Proven track record of leveraging data-driven models to drive impactful business decisions. Experience using data access tools and building dashboards using large datasets and multiple data sources. Analytical ability and communications skills. Proven ability to effectively distill and communicate complex data to all organizational levels. Highly organized and detail oriented, with a strong ability to coordinate and track multiple deliverables, tasks and dependencies. Ability to manage multiple tasks or projects at one time.
