Introduction

As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.

Your Role and Responsibilities

In this exciting role you will perform high-level systems analysis, evaluation, design, integration, documentation, and implementation of very complex application that require a thorough knowledge of administrative, and technical skills.

Direct and participate in all phases of system development with emphasis on planning, analysis, evaluation, integration, testing and acceptance phases (IV&V and DT&E).

Apply higher-level business or technical principles and methods to very difficult technical problems to arrive at automated engineering solution.

Design and prepare technical reports and related documentation, and makes charts and graphs to record results.

Prepare and deliver presentations and briefings.

May be required to serve as Leader.

Responsible for ensuring the quality and services delivered for particular task(s) for which this skill is performing the Task Leader position.

Manipulate and display data to assist client insight - 15%

Analyze, Develop, and Recommend Tools and Processes -15%

Using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations– 10%

Participate in meetings conferences to improve business outcomes– 60%

Active DoD Secret Clearance

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

3 years experience in data analytics

IBM SPSS or SAS Software – 2 years

SQL Server

Data technologies: understanding of data concepts, with the ability to write complex SQL statements to store, retrieve, manipulate, integrate, validate, and summarize data.

Statistics/Mathematics

Security Clearance: Active DoD Secret

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

Prior involvement in Predictive Analytics and/or use of SPSS modeler.

About Business Unit

IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
