Data Scientist I

 - (19035727)

About H-E-B

H-E-B is one of the largest, independently owned food retailers in the nation operating over 400 stores throughout Texas and Mexico, with annual sales generating over $25 billion. Described by industry experts as a daring innovator and smart competitor, H-E-B has led the way with creative new concepts, outstanding service and a commitment to diversity in our workforce, workplace and marketplace. H-E-B offers a wealth of career opportunities to our 109,000+ Partners (employees), competitive compensation and benefits program and comprehensive training that lead to successful careers.

H-E-B's Corporate Planning and Analysis Team develops and maintains budgets and financial systems while providing current, reliable financial data, analysis, and technical information.

As a Data Scientist I, you will work closely with more senior team members on assigned parts of data science projects, combining predictive analytics, machine learning, and data modeling to assist in business partners' decision-making. You won't just report the data; you'll also learn to build it, its attributes, and its parameters, while tailoring People-friendly solutions to emerging business challenges.

Once you're eligible, you'll become an Owner in the company, so we're looking for commitment, hard work, and focus on quality and Customer service. 'Partner-owned' means our most important resources-People-drive the innovation, growth, and success that makes H-E-B The Greatest Retailing Company.

Do you have a:

HEART FOR PEOPLE... ability to interpret results and present them in non-technical terms?

HEAD FOR BUSINESS... willingness to learn / master new data science skills?

PASSION FOR RESULTS... creativity, persistence, and initiative?

We are looking for:

experience in a retail-related data / decision science role

strong research and analytical skills; critical-thinking skills

someone with a curious and inquisitive nature

What is the work?

Analytics / Design & Development:

Learns / masters most typical data science techniques while working on projects both independently and as part of the broader Team

Gains exposure to business problems across multiple business areas, applying technical knowledge to enhance Customer-centric solutions

Mines / analyzes unstructured data sets to assist in the Team-s decision-making and project management

Researches, analyzes, models, and reports on organizational data in support of Team projects

Develops / applies algorithms or business metric models to assist the Team in resolving business problems

Interprets results; recommends alternative solutions to the Team and other decision-makers

Communication:

Visualizes / summarizes data; presents findings to management in non-technical terms

What is your background?

Bachelor's degree in statistics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or a related quantitative field and

- 2 - 3 years of professional experience in a data / decision science role OR

Graduate degree (a plus) and

- 1 - 2 years of experience in retail or other consumer-facing industries

Do you have what it takes to be a Data Scientist at H-E-B?

Working knowledge of

- statistical programming languages, such as R, SAS, SPSS, etc., and MS Office

Familiarity with

- one or more of the following scripting languages: Python, Perl, Java, or Ruby

- relational databases, such as Teradata (preferred) or Oracle, and SQL

- BI tools, such as MicroStrategy

- machine learning packages like KNIME, RapidMiner

- Some familiarity with

- typical data science techniques, such as classification, regression, and optimization

- Hadoop, distributed file systems, and Big Data ecosystems

Strong research / analytical skills

Critical and lateral thinking skills

Effective written / verbal communication and presentation skills

Strong time management skills

Ability to work comfortably with imperfect / incomplete data

Ability to work comfortably in a fast-paced retail environment with frequently shifting priorities

Ability to learn and master new data science skills

Ability to multi-task; attention to detail

Creativity, persistence, initiative

Can you...

Function in a fast-paced, retail, office environment

Travel by car or airplane with overnight stays

Sit for an extended period of time

Work extended hours

DATANL3232 DATASCI3232

Primary Location US-TX-San Antonio

Work Locations Headquarters-Arsenal 646 S. Flores San Antonio 78204

Job Data Science D

Organization Corporate Region

Shift Standard

Job Type Full-time

Job Posting Jul 25, 2019, 2:39:55 PM Unposting Date Aug 25, 2019, 4:59:00 AM
