Description

The Data Scientist anticipates future business needs and identifies opportunities for complex analysis.

The Data Scientist, Lead will gather and analyze data to solve and address highly complex business problems and evaluate scenarios to make predictions on future outcomes and provide prescriptive solutions that support decision making.

The Data Scientist will be involved in all phases of (Big Data) analytics projects including question formulation, research, development, implementation and testing. The Data Scientist will be able to explore and understand data and build advanced analytical models, then present and discuss the resulting models to any level of audience.

The Data Scientist will design and drive the creation of new standards and best practices in the use of statistical data modeling, big data and optimization tools for Cox Automotive. Identify and direct special studies and analyses for unique business problems and scenarios. Proactively identify algorithms or products with high intellectual property content, assist in the evaluation of their potential for patents, where appropriate assist in the patent applications, and contribute to the intellectual property protection for Cox Automotive.

Qualifications:

Education Requirements

M.S, or Ph.D. in math, statistics, operations research, computer science engineering, econometrics, or other quantitative field

Required Experience and Qualifications

Must have at least 1 year of industry working experience performing advanced quantitative analyses.

Advanced hands-on working knowledge of Python/SQL required.

Working knowledge of SAS/R is preferred.

Working knowledge of big data manipulation is plus.

Ability to apply advanced statistical methodologies such as mixed model (random and fixed effects), simultaneous equations, ARIMA, neural networks, and multinomial discrete choice. Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as cluster analytics, sampling theory and design of experiments, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, and factor analysis.

Ability to apply advanced optimization methodologies such as linear and mixed integer optimization.

Ability to apply advanced simulation modeling methodologies and techniques.

Utilize complex computer operations (intermediate programming in 3rd and 4th generation languages, relational databases, and operating systems) and advanced features of software packages (word-processing, spreadsheet, graphics, etc.).

Must have relational database experience.

A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data.

About Cox Automotive

Cox Automotive Inc. makes buying, selling and owning cars easier for everyone, while also enabling mobility services. The global company’s 34,000-plus team members and family of brands, including Autotrader®, Clutch Technologies, Dealer.com®, Dealertrack®, Kelley Blue Book®, Manheim®, NextGear Capital®, VinSolutions®, vAuto® and Xtime®, are passionate about helping millions of car shoppers, tens of thousands of auto dealer clients across five continents and many others throughout the automotive industry thrive for generations to come. Cox Automotive is a subsidiary of Cox Enterprises Inc., a privately-owned, Atlanta-based company with revenues exceeding $20 billion. www.coxautoinc.com

Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual’s age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
