What You'll Do

Cisco is hiring a data scientist to grow and manage a team to accelerate predictive modeling in the CX Insights team. We’re in the midst of an exciting time breaking down silos across the company and using data to transform the organization. The vision for the team is to design the best in class customer health metric with a layered suite of predictive & prescriptive analytics to automate how people digest and act on the information.

Who You’ll Work With

You’ll lead and inspire a lean team of data scientists to think broadly across the business on areas where data science can accelerate customer success. This team partners closely with our customer facing teams, IT, platforms, product management, and engineering business partners to understand and evaluate new sources of data with structured and unstructured algorithms.

Who You Are

A self starter who flourishes with delivering high quality outcomes. You are someone who loves data, is an out of the box thinker, and thrives in an unstructured work environment. You have experience with the big data systems & modeling techniques of today with an eye on future innovation to drive progress. You think about the interactions between process, data & analysis and how to bring them together to improve outcomes.

Qualifications

B.S. or higher in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or similar technical/quantitative field, or M.B.A. with a technical emphasis.

3 - 5 years of experience in data science and machine learning

Prior experience leading teams

Practical & theoretical understanding of advanced machine learning techniques

Management of big data platforms: databases, ETL, architecture, and robust software engineering

Experience in architecting or leading multi-functional engineering projects

Strong leadership, presentation and interpersonal skills

We Are Cisco

#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but we bring our talents to work as a team and make a difference. Here’s how we do it.

We embrace digital, and help our customers implement change in their digital businesses. Some may think we’re “old” (30 years strong!) and only about hardware, but we’re also a software company. And a security company. A blockchain company. An AI/Machine Learning company. We even invented an intuitive network that adapts, predicts, learns and protects. No other company can do what we do – you can’t put us in a box!

But “Digital Transformation” is an empty buzz phrase without a culture that allows for innovation, creativity, and yes, even failure (if you learn from it.)

Day to day, we focus on the give and take. We give our best, we give our egos a break and we give of ourselves (because giving back is built into our DNA.) We take accountability, we take bold steps, and we take difference to heart. Because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward.

So, you have colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool.
