Do you want to do something meaningful with Big Data? At Optum, we’re leading the fastest moving industry in the world. Health care is transforming and we’re innovating to help make the health care system work better for everyone. Our technology teams are working on projects with national and international visibility and impact. As a Principal Data Scientist, you will join a company and a team that is finding solutions to transform terabytes of healthcare information into actionable data. Join us. Let innovation and performance fuel your life’s best work.(sm)

Optum Analytics solutions create a longitudinal view of both individual patients and patient populations. We gather, normalize, and analyze data from disparate sources that, uniquely, span the continuum of care-including EHRs, Practice Management Systems and claims. Our EHR data alone accounts for over 80M patient lives across the U.S.

Primary Responsibilities:

Eager to tackle the challenges of extracting insights from vast amounts of EHR data originating from multiple sources

Work with Optum researchers, clinicians, internal and external clients to define the projects and see them through to completion that cover a range of clinical focus

Participate in the development of our end-to-end NLP pipeline

Work with structured and unstructured data from conducting data exploration and data pre-processing (collecting, analyzing and cleaning), data annotation (data set creation, annotation specs design, working with annotators and reconciliating annotations), model development, evaluation, optimization and monitoring

Required Qualifications:

Degree in computer science, mathematics, physics, computational linguistics or related field

7+ years in an individual contributor role as a hands-on developer, non-managerial role and executing on data science and programming projects as primary part of the job

5+ years programming experience in Python

3+ years solid experience in natural language processing subdomains and techniques

3+ years demonstrated experience in being the technical lead for data science projects

Experience with a variety of machine learning techniques and open source libraries, such as scikit-learn, tensorflow, keras, NLTK, or SpaCY

Demonstrated experience with leveraging best practices conducting Data Science projects

Strong prioritization skills; ability to manage ad-hoc requests in parallel with ongoing projects

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with open-source distributed data processing frameworks, such as Spark

Experience building scalable machine learning applications and deploying them in production

Strong prioritization skills; ability to manage ad hoc requests in parallel with ongoing projects

Experience working in a Linux environment

Experience working on a development team building product

Familiarity with EHR data and standards

Collaborative “can-do” attitude

Strong communication skills

Experience with SQL

Experience with presenting complex data science processes/information to non-data scientists

Experience with Information Retrieval and relevant tools such as Lucene, Elasticsearch, Solr

Demonstrated experience with conducting projects from requirements generation, annotation, and modeling, through NLP output deliverables and management of internal/external clients

Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job keywords: NLP, Python, Hadoop, Spark, Tensorflow, SQL, Solr, Boston, MA, Massachusetts, Austin, TX, Texas
