We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.
Job Introduction:

The Analytic Platform and Service organization is looking to hire a Machine Learning Engineer to their team. This candidate will participate in the software development within an Agile team and work on the internally developed analytics application.
About the job:
Build out our Real Time Scoring platform and working with our data scientist partners to support the deployment of predictive models and deliver business value from AI and Machine Learning.
Develop Java application that is intended to allow analytics teams to quickly create, manage and terminate their own scalable high-performance cloud computing and storage environments to support analytics, machine learning and big data projects.
Work directly with data science teams in all markets to assist them with their projects and gather new requirements and insights to support the ongoing development.
Respond quickly to change, pick up new technologies and adapt to changing requirements.
Demonstrate competence at writing, testing and debugging Python and Java code.

Desired skills:

Bachelor's or Master's degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience.
Minimum 2+ years of professional development experience in Python and Java.
Foundational knowledge or proficient with data science and machine learning tools and techniques
Experience in new and emerging technologies such as AWS, Azure and Cloud, DevOps, CI/CD and Microservices.
Excellent analytical, problem solving, and communication and collaboration skills.
General knowledge of agile software development concepts and processes.
Must be proactive, demonstrate initiative and be a logical thinker.
Experience with layered system architectures and layered solutions; understanding of shared software concepts.
Highly competitive candidates will have:

R Language
Spark
Go Language
We take care of our employees...

We strongly believe that a great job should keep you happy both at work-and in life. That's why we offer:
Workplace Flexibility
Wellness Perks
Collaborative workspaces
Sit/stand desks
Career development, programs and classes
Diversity & Inclusion programs
Commuter Benefits
Adoption Assistance
College Savings Plan
Education reimbursement
Hackathon Events
Liberty Mutual was named as a '2016 Great Place to Work' by Great Place to Work US.
For more info about our benefits -
https://libertymutualgroup.com/careers/working-here/benefits
Learn more about Tech at Liberty Mutual - http://www.jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/careers/technology-jobs

Check out our Tech at Liberty Mutual YouTube playlist - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxUNmyJ_IIGx9yoUJfQ8k5APAK3-KAa6j
