Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Data Science & Analytics practice group at Capgemini is expanding its footprint…rapidly. As part of the fastest growing digital practice within Capgemini, we work with the latest advanced analytics, machine learning, and big data technologies to extract meaning and value from data in a number of different industries ranging from Media & Entertainment to Life Sciences and everywhere in-between. Our team has worked with geospatial data, on social media sentiment analysis, built recommendation systems, created image classification algorithms, solved large-scale optimization problems, and harnessed the massive influx of data generated by the IoT.

The Data Science & Analytics group is the fastest growing digital practice at Capgemini demanding agile innovation. As part of the Data Science & Analytics group, you will work in a collaborative environment with internal and client resources to understand key business goals, build solutions, and present findings to client executives while solving real-world problems. If you are passionate about solving problems in the realm of cognitive computing, big data, and machine learning while utilizing business acumen, statistical understanding, and technical know-how, the Data Science & Analytics practice group at Capgemini is the best place to grow your career.

Role & Responsibilities:

Develop analytics sub-practice within one of the following sectors: : Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Banking, Consumer Products & Retail, Financial Services, Healthcare, High Tech, Industrial Products, Insurance, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Public Sector, Telecom, Media & Entertainment, and Energy & Utilities.

Generate and execute the Data Science roadmap strategy for sector.

Develop internal industry solutions with management for given sector.

Provide guidance on multiple engagements to ensure successful delivery while balancing internal initiatives.

Contribute to thought leadership and facilitate client relations across network of existing and potential clients.

Quickly understand client needs, assemble teams, manage delivery, and articulate findings to client executives.

Prospect, generate, and deliver new business opportunities in given sector to meet revenue targets.

Analyze and model both structured and unstructured data from a number of distributed client and publicly available sources.

Perform EDA and feature engineering to both inform the development of statistical models and generate improve model performance and flexibility.

Design and build scalable machine learning models to meet the needs of given client engagement.

Assist with the mentorship and development of junior staff.

Assist in growing data science practice by meeting business goals through client prospecting, responding to proposals, identifying and closing opportunities within identified client accounts.

Participate in client discussions, interact with CxOs at client organization to articulate the value of data science approaches, different service offerings and guide them on implementation of the same.

Collaborate with client managers in a broad range of sectors to identify business use cases and develop solutions in driving impact through data science and analytics, communicate results, and inform practice group through reports and presentations.

Work with Capgemini’s global data science leadership to execute identified business use cases on time and manage project delivery / client expectations.

Develop, enhance, and maintain client relations while ensuring client satisfaction.

Ability to successfully deliver and manage multiple client engagements globally.

Requirements:

10+ years professional work experience as a data scientist or on advanced analytics / statistics projects with 5+ years’ experience in one of the following sectors: : Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Banking, Consumer Products & Retail, Financial Services, Healthcare, High Tech, Industrial Products, Insurance, Life Sciences, Manufacturing, Public Sector, Telecom, Media & Entertainment, and Energy & Utilities.

Master’s degree from top tier college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, Mathematics, or other closely related field.

PhD preferred.

Strong understanding and application of statistical methods and skills: distributions, experimental design, variance analysis, A/B testing, and regression.

Statistical emphasis on data mining techniques, Bayesian Networks Inference, CHAID, CART, association rule, linear and non-linear regression, hierarchical mixed models/multi-level modeling, and ability to answer questions about underlying algorithms and processes.

Experience with both Bayesian and frequentist methodologies.

Mastery of statistical software, scripting languages, and packages (e.g. R, Matlab, SAS, Python, Pearl, Scikit-learn, Caffe, SAP Predictive Analytics, KXEN, ect.).

Knowledge of or experience working with database systems (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Postgres, ect.)

Experience working with big data distributed programming languages, and ecosystems (e.g. S3, EC2, Hadoop/MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Spark, SAP HANA, ect.)

Expertise in machine learning algorithms and experience using the following ML techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF).

Preferred experience with NLP, Graph Theory, Neural Networks (RNNs/CNNs), sentiment analysis, and Azure ML..

Experience building scalable data pipelines and with data engineering/ feature engineering.

Preferred experience with web-scrapping.

Experience building and deploying predictive models.

Expertise using PowerPoint and clearly articulating findings/ presenting solutions.

Excellent team-oriented interpersonal skills and demonstrated leadership.

Track record delivering successful data science projects and managing global teams.

Demonstrated leadership by building Data Science teams and fostering growth.

Proven success generating growth and hitting revenue targets.

Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment.

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini.

Qualifications

Applications Consultants have expertise in a specific technology environment. They are responsible for software-specific design and realization, as well as testing, deployment and release management, or technical and functional application management of client-specific package based solutions (e.g. SAP, ORACLE). These roles also require functional and methodological capabilities in testing and training.

Required Skills and Experience:

You have a leading role in projects with strong client exposure. You are responsible for functional and technical guidance over the whole project or application lifecycle and you act as a client-facing lead developer. You drive sales opportunities within your area of responsibility. You know future developments in several applications and/or technologies and you are seen as subject matter expert within your unit and beyond.

Qualification: 12+ years experience, Bachelor’s Degree.

Certification: Should have SE level 2 and seeking level 3.

Should be master in Package Configuration.

Must have experience in Architecture Knowledge, Testing and Vendor Management.

Should be proficient in Business Analysis, Business Knowledge & Technical Solution Design.

Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.

Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law

About Capgemini

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion (about $14.4 billion USD at 2017 average rate).

Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.

 A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the...
